The ocean waves forced their way unto the beach shore and reached out to me with an invitation to partake in their dance and mystery.That is to say, the ocean waves are soothing and healing.
The ocean waves forced their way unto the beach shore and lashed at me with loud crashing sounds and intimidating rushes of foamy water.That is to say, the ocean waves are dangerous and can kill you.
The teach said that the student had the brain of a gnat.That is to say, the student is dumb.
The teach said that the student had the brain of a rocket scientist.That is to say, the student is smart.
I have the musical ability of a chipmunk.That is to say, my music sounds scratchy and random.
I have the musical ability of a songbird.That is to say, my music is soothing and melodious.
The beach was as hot as a desert.That is to say, the beach was very warm..
The beach was as hot as a iceberg.That is to say, the beach was very cold..
The brain is a spider web.That is to say, brain is hypersensitive and connects many things..
The brain is a prism.That is to say, brain take one input and gives multiple output..
The wind approached me and spoke to me through the rustling of the tree leaves and whispered in my ear through the whistling of the branches.That is to say, the wind is gentle, assuring and relaxing.
The wind approached me and raised it's voice at me with sudden bursts of speed that stripped the leaves from the trees and yelled at me through the crackling and breaking for the branches.That is to say, the wind is intense, threatening and destructive.
A computer can be one's best friend.That is to say, computers can be a great asset.
A computer can be one's bitter enemy.That is to say, computers can be a great detriment.
A computer is an obedient dog.That is to say, follows instructions.
A computer is a toddler.That is to say, refuses to follow instructions.
His brain is like a computer.That is to say, his brain is fast and concise..
The old woman was a rocket..That is to say, the old woman was feisty, fiery, energetic, kinetic..
The old woman was a mountain.That is to say, the old woman was still and unmovable..
The family was as friendly as a pack of wolves.That is to say, the family was very mean..
The family was as friendly as a greeter at disneyland.That is to say, the family was very friendly..
She runs like a rocket.That is to say, she runs and sprints very fast..
She runs like a slug.That is to say, she runs in a very slow and labored pace..
The ship went down as fast as a rock.That is to say, the ship went down fast..
The ship went down as fast as a floating feather.That is to say, the ship went down very slowly..
This bag is as light as a party balloon.That is to say, the bag is nearly weightless.
This bag is as light as a 600 lb gorilla.That is to say, the bag is extremely heavy.
The farmer planted the crops with the care of a drunken sailor.That is to say, the farmer was sloppy.
The farmer planted the crops with the care of an experienced surgeon.That is to say, the farmer was precise.
My wife is the light of my life.That is to say, the wife brings joy, hope or happiness to the husband's life..
My wife is the darkness that crept into my life.That is to say, the wife brought sorrow, sadness and pain to the husband's life.
The temperature feels like inside a volcano.That is to say, the temperature is extremely hot.
The temperature feels like outer space.That is to say, the temperature is freezing cold.
Her hair is a waterfall.That is to say, her hair is reflective and shiny.
Her hair is a bunch of dry hay.That is to say, her hair is dry and lifeless.
The car hit the rail like a bowling ball hitting pins.That is to say, the car hit hard.
The car hit the rail like a feather landing.That is to say, the car hit softly.
The departmental store manager has a golden heart.That is to say, the departmental store manager is kind and friendly..
The departmental store manager has the heart hard as nails.That is to say, the departmental store manager is unfriendly, cruel and unkind.
This car is faster than a speeding bullet.That is to say, the car is ridiculously fast.
This car is faster than a snail.That is to say, the car is not fast at all.
John's brain is a computer.That is to say, john is good at calculations.
John's brain is a snail.That is to say, john processes things very slowly.
The food was served at a temperature that was a fiery inferno.That is to say, the food was hot.
The food was served at a temperature that was a block of ice.That is to say, the food was cold.
This tree is as tall as the space needle.That is to say, the tree is very tall.
This tree is is as tall as an ant hill.That is to say, the tree is not tall at all.
The lawyer is a pig.That is to say, the lawyer is lazy.
The lawyer is a lighthouse for his client.That is to say, the lawyer guides his client very well in the lawsuit.
This water is as clear as the la brea tar pits.That is to say, the water is very murky.
This water is as clear as fresh rainwater in a bucket.That is to say, the water is very clear.
She had the grace of a deer prancing into the forest.That is to say, she is graceful.
She had the grace of a hippo on roller blades.That is to say, she is not graceful.
Time is as precious as a piece of gold.That is to say, time is very important.
Time is as precious as a piece of garbage.That is to say, time can be thrown away.
This bed is as soft as a sidewalk littered with broken glass.That is to say, this bed is hard.
This bed is as soft as a persian cat.That is to say, this bed is soft.
He is as loud as a teenager sneaking back into the house after curfew.That is to say, he is quiet.
He is as loud as an elephant carrying a piano.That is to say, he is loud.
Riding a motorcycle is as dangerous as jumping off a cliff.That is to say, is very dangerous.
Riding a motorcycle is as dangerous as walking down the street.That is to say, isn't anymore dangerous than doing normal everyday things..
These shoes feel like a pair of red-hot vise clamps.That is to say, these shoes are very uncomfortable.
These shoes feel like a pair of magic carpets.That is to say, these shoes are very comfortable.
She is as fast as light coming out of the big bang.That is to say, she is fast.
She is as fast as my grandma trying to walk on water.That is to say, she is slow.
The milk was a cold as as a warm blanket.That is to say, the milk was not cold at all.
The milk was a cold as as an icicle in a snowstorm.That is to say, the milk was very cold.
The book has the pace of a glacier.That is to say, the book is very slow..
The book has the pace of a raging storm.That is to say, the book is fast paced..
Emails are as fast as a turtle.That is to say, emails are slow..
Emails are as fast as a rocket.That is to say, emails are fast..
The movie is as long as an interstate.That is to say, the movie is very long.
The movie is as long as a gnat.That is to say, the movie is very short.
That man has the laughter of booming thunder.That is to say, it's a very loud and deep laugh.
That man has the laughter of a mouse.That is to say, it's barely audible and high-pitched.
The explanation was like clear water.That is to say, the explanation was easy and simple to understand.
The explanation was like mud.That is to say, the explanation made to sense..
The headlight was as bright as a sun.That is to say, the headlight was very bright..
The event planning hit several storms in the process.That is to say, the planning ran into several problems.
The event planning was met with clear skies.That is to say, the planning was easy and without issue.
The dinner was as tasty as a leather shoe.That is to say, the dinner was very dry and tasteless..
The dinner was as tasty as a michelin star.That is to say, the dinner was award winning..
That man has the intelligence of a evil genius.That is to say, the man is a highly intelligent person.
That man has the intelligence of a field mouse.That is to say, the man is basically a dumb animal.
The idea he had hit a glacier.That is to say, his idea sunk and failed.
The idea he had was a lightbulb moment.That is to say, his idea was brilliant and worked.
The pillows were as soft as a baby's bottom.That is to say, the pillows were very soft..
The pillows were as soft as a rock.That is to say, the pillows were very hard..
The event proceeded like butter.That is to say, the event went smoothly.
The event proceeded like molasses.That is to say, the event was slow and dragged on.
Morning came as fast as a racecar driver.That is to say, morning came quickly..
Morning came as fast as a a drop of thick molassas.That is to say, morning came very slowly..
That game was basically a barnburner.That is to say, the game was fiery and intense.
That game was basically a sleepover.That is to say, the game was lame and sleep-inducing.
This dinner has the flavor of a rubber duck.That is to say, the dinner taste bland.
This dinner has the flavor of the ring of fire.That is to say, the dinner taste spicy.
The excitement of that game was like a snow cone..That is to say, the game was boring..
The excitement of that game was like a wildfire..That is to say, the game was really exciting..
His talent shined as bright as a star.That is to say, he is clearly very talented..
His talent shined as bright as a dungeon.That is to say, he is not very talented..
The meteor was as bright as new york city.That is to say, the meteor was very bright.
The meteor was as bright as coal.That is to say, the meteor was not bright at all.
The fresh actors career is taking off like a plane.That is to say, the actors career is going successfully.
The fresh actors career is sinking like a ship.That is to say, the actors career is doing terribly.
The solution came at me like a cheetah.That is to say, the solution was thought of fast..
The solution came at me like a turtle.That is to say, the solution was though of slow..
His speech was as fiery as a dying star.That is to say, his speech was extremely dull, mild, and not persuasive.
His speech was as fiery as a burning meteor.That is to say, his conversation was full of energy and very persuasive.
He moves at the speed of a caterpillar pupa.That is to say, he moves very slow.
He moves at the speed of a fire crackle.That is to say, he moves very fast.