The ocean waves forced their way unto the beach shore and reached out to me with an invitation to partake in their dance and mystery.The ocean waves are soothing and healing.
The ocean waves forced their way unto the beach shore and lashed at me with loud crashing sounds and intimidating rushes of foamy water.The ocean waves are dangerous and can kill you.
The teach said that the student had the brain of a gnat.The student is dumb.
The teach said that the student had the brain of a rocket scientist.The student is smart.
I have the musical ability of a chipmunk.My music sounds scratchy and random.
I have the musical ability of a songbird.My music is soothing and melodious.
The beach was as hot as a desert.The beach was very warm..
The beach was as hot as a iceberg.The beach was very cold..
The brain is a spider web.Brain is hypersensitive and connects many things..
The brain is a prism.Brain take one input and gives multiple output..
The wind approached me and spoke to me through the rustling of the tree leaves and whispered in my ear through the whistling of the branches.The wind is gentle, assuring and relaxing.
The wind approached me and raised it's voice at me with sudden bursts of speed that stripped the leaves from the trees and yelled at me through the crackling and breaking for the branches.The wind is intense, threatening and destructive.
A computer can be one's best friend.Computers can be a great asset.
A computer can be one's bitter enemy.Computers can be a great detriment.
A computer is an obedient dog.Follows instructions.
A computer is a toddler.Refuses to follow instructions.
His brain is like a computer.His brain is fast and concise..
The old woman was a rocket..The old woman was feisty, fiery, energetic, kinetic..
The old woman was a mountain.The old woman was still and unmovable..
The family was as friendly as a pack of wolves.The family was very mean..
The family was as friendly as a greeter at disneyland.The family was very friendly..
She runs like a rocket.She runs and sprints very fast..
She runs like a slug.She runs in a very slow and labored pace..
The ship went down as fast as a rock.The ship went down fast..
The ship went down as fast as a floating feather.The ship went down very slowly..
This bag is as light as a party balloon.The bag is nearly weightless.
This bag is as light as a 600 lb gorilla.The bag is extremely heavy.
The farmer planted the crops with the care of a drunken sailor.The farmer was sloppy.
The farmer planted the crops with the care of an experienced surgeon.The farmer was precise.
My wife is the light of my life.The wife brings joy, hope or happiness to the husband's life..
My wife is the darkness that crept into my life.The wife brought sorrow, sadness and pain to the husband's life.
The temperature feels like inside a volcano.The temperature is extremely hot.
The temperature feels like outer space.The temperature is freezing cold.
Her hair is a waterfall.Her hair is reflective and shiny.
Her hair is a bunch of dry hay.Her hair is dry and lifeless.
The car hit the rail like a bowling ball hitting pins.The car hit hard.
The car hit the rail like a feather landing.The car hit softly.
The departmental store manager has a golden heart.The departmental store manager is kind and friendly..
The departmental store manager has the heart hard as nails.The departmental store manager is unfriendly, cruel and unkind.
This car is faster than a speeding bullet.The car is ridiculously fast.
This car is faster than a snail.The car is not fast at all.
John's brain is a computer.John is good at calculations.
John's brain is a snail.John processes things very slowly.
The food was served at a temperature that was a fiery inferno.The food was hot.
The food was served at a temperature that was a block of ice.The food was cold.
This tree is as tall as the space needle.The tree is very tall.
This tree is is as tall as an ant hill.The tree is not tall at all.
The lawyer is a pig.The lawyer is lazy.
The lawyer is a lighthouse for his client.The lawyer guides his client very well in the lawsuit.
This water is as clear as the la brea tar pits.The water is very murky.
This water is as clear as fresh rainwater in a bucket.The water is very clear.
She had the grace of a deer prancing into the forest.She is graceful.
She had the grace of a hippo on roller blades.She is not graceful.
Time is as precious as a piece of gold.Time is very important.
Time is as precious as a piece of garbage.Time can be thrown away.
This bed is as soft as a sidewalk littered with broken glass.This bed is hard.
This bed is as soft as a persian cat.This bed is soft.
He is as loud as a teenager sneaking back into the house after curfew.He is quiet.
He is as loud as an elephant carrying a piano.He is loud.
Riding a motorcycle is as dangerous as jumping off a cliff.Is very dangerous.
Riding a motorcycle is as dangerous as walking down the street.Isn't anymore dangerous than doing normal everyday things..
These shoes feel like a pair of red-hot vise clamps.These shoes are very uncomfortable.
These shoes feel like a pair of magic carpets.These shoes are very comfortable.
She is as fast as light coming out of the big bang.She is fast.
She is as fast as my grandma trying to walk on water.She is slow.
The milk was a cold as as a warm blanket.The milk was not cold at all.
The milk was a cold as as an icicle in a snowstorm.The milk was very cold.
The book has the pace of a glacier.The book is very slow..
The book has the pace of a raging storm.The book is fast paced..
Emails are as fast as a turtle.Emails are slow..
Emails are as fast as a rocket.Emails are fast..
The movie is as long as an interstate.The movie is very long.
The movie is as long as a gnat.The movie is very short.
That man has the laughter of booming thunder.It's a very loud and deep laugh.
That man has the laughter of a mouse.It's barely audible and high-pitched.
The explanation was like clear water.The explanation was easy and simple to understand.
The explanation was like mud.The explanation made to sense..
The headlight was as bright as a sun.The headlight was very bright..
The event planning hit several storms in the process.The planning ran into several problems.
The event planning was met with clear skies.The planning was easy and without issue.
The dinner was as tasty as a leather shoe.The dinner was very dry and tasteless..
The dinner was as tasty as a michelin star.The dinner was award winning..
That man has the intelligence of a evil genius.The man is a highly intelligent person.
That man has the intelligence of a field mouse.The man is basically a dumb animal.
The idea he had hit a glacier.His idea sunk and failed.
The idea he had was a lightbulb moment.His idea was brilliant and worked.
The pillows were as soft as a baby's bottom.The pillows were very soft..
The pillows were as soft as a rock.The pillows were very hard..
The event proceeded like butter.The event went smoothly.
The event proceeded like molasses.The event was slow and dragged on.
Morning came as fast as a racecar driver.Morning came quickly..
Morning came as fast as a a drop of thick molassas.Morning came very slowly..
That game was basically a barnburner.The game was fiery and intense.
That game was basically a sleepover.The game was lame and sleep-inducing.
This dinner has the flavor of a rubber duck.The dinner taste bland.
This dinner has the flavor of the ring of fire.The dinner taste spicy.
The excitement of that game was like a snow cone..The game was boring..
The excitement of that game was like a wildfire..The game was really exciting..
His talent shined as bright as a star.He is clearly very talented..
His talent shined as bright as a dungeon.He is not very talented..
The meteor was as bright as new york city.The meteor was very bright.
The meteor was as bright as coal.The meteor was not bright at all.
The fresh actors career is taking off like a plane.The actors career is going successfully.
The fresh actors career is sinking like a ship.The actors career is doing terribly.
The solution came at me like a cheetah.The solution was thought of fast..
The solution came at me like a turtle.The solution was though of slow..
His speech was as fiery as a dying star.His speech was extremely dull, mild, and not persuasive.
His speech was as fiery as a burning meteor.His conversation was full of energy and very persuasive.
He moves at the speed of a caterpillar pupa.He moves very slow.
He moves at the speed of a fire crackle.He moves very fast.