Her word had the strength of titanium.Her promises can be believed.
Her word had the strength of titanium.Her promises cannot be trusted.
Her word had the strength of a wine glass.Her promises cannot be trusted.
Her word had the strength of a wine glass.Her promises can be believed.
His kisses have the passion of lovers meeting after a long separation.His kisses are demonstrative and intense.
His kisses have the passion of lovers meeting after a long separation.His kiss is unemotional.
His kisses have the passion of a couple in a loveless marriage.His kiss is unemotional.
His kisses have the passion of a couple in a loveless marriage.His kisses are demonstrative and intense.
This winter is as cold as my mother-in-law towards me.It's very cold.
This winter is as cold as my mother-in-law towards me.It's pretty warm.
This winter is as cold as death valley at noon.It's pretty warm.
This winter is as cold as death valley at noon.It's very cold.
The dog was as grumpy as an old man.He was mean.
The dog was as grumpy as an old man.He was nice.
The dog was as grumpy as a kindergarten teacher.He was nice.
The dog was as grumpy as a kindergarten teacher.He was mean.
The voyage was as long as a lifetime.The voyage was very long.
The voyage was as long as a lifetime.The voyage as short.
The voyage was as long as the blink of an eye.The voyage as short.
The voyage was as long as the blink of an eye.The voyage was very long.
He had all the wealth of a tycoon.He was rich.
He had all the wealth of a tycoon.He was poor.
He had all the wealth of a hobo.He was poor.
He had all the wealth of a hobo.He was rich.
It smells like a freshly baked cookies on christmas morning.It smells great.
It smells like a freshly baked cookies on christmas morning.It smells awful.
It smells like a cesspool sitting in the hot sun.It smells awful.
It smells like a cesspool sitting in the hot sun.It smells great.
The conversation is a bank vault.The conversation is worthwhile.
The conversation is a bank vault.The conversation is meaningless.
The conversation is a 25 cent off coupon.The conversation is meaningless.
The conversation is a 25 cent off coupon.The conversation is worthwhile.
The motivational push was a bulldozer.The motivational push was very motivating.
The motivational push was a bulldozer.The motivational push didn't work well.
The motivational push was a light breeze.The motivational push didn't work well.
The motivational push was a light breeze.The motivational push was very motivating.
Money is a helpful stranger.Money is good.
Money is a helpful stranger.Money is bad.
Money is a murderer.Money is bad.
Money is a murderer.Money is good.
The conversation was the oj simpson trial.The conversation was long.
The conversation was the oj simpson trial.The conversation was short.
The conversation was a cigarette break.The conversation was short.
The conversation was a cigarette break.The conversation was long.
The seas on the voyage were glass.The seas were calm.
The seas on the voyage were glass.The seas were rough.
The seas on the voyage were a rock quarry.The seas were rough.
The seas on the voyage were a rock quarry.The seas were calm.
The student was as helpful as medicine.He was a big help.
The student was as helpful as medicine.He was not needed.
The student was as helpful as a punch in the face.He was not needed.
The student was as helpful as a punch in the face.He was a big help.
Their relationship has the heat of miami in august.Their relationship is passionate.
Their relationship has the heat of miami in august.Their relationship is lacking passion.
Their relationship has the heat of an igloo.Their relationship is lacking passion.
Their relationship has the heat of an igloo.Their relationship is passionate.
The voyage will be a walk through fire.The voyage will be difficult and arduous.
The voyage will be a walk through fire.The voyage will be pleasant.
The voyage will be a walk through flowers.The voyage will be pleasant.
The voyage will be a walk through flowers.The voyage will be difficult and arduous.
For him, earning money was oxygen.Making money kept him alive.
For him, earning money was oxygen.Making money was killing him.
For him, earning money was a rope around his neck.Making money was killing him.
For him, earning money was a rope around his neck.Making money kept him alive.
The speaker was as quiet as a newborn baby.The speaker was very quiet.
The speaker was as quiet as a newborn baby.The speaker was actually rather loud.
The speaker was as quiet as a freight train.The speaker was actually rather loud.
The speaker was as quiet as a freight train.The speaker was very quiet.
The man was as cool as ice.The man was very cool.
The man was as cool as ice.The man wasn't cool at all.
The man was as cool as sunburn.The man wasn't cool at all.
The man was as cool as sunburn.The man was very cool.
The wedding planner was an imposter.The wedding planner did a horrible job planning the wedding.
The wedding planner was an imposter.The wedding planner did wonderfully planning the wedding.
The wedding planner was a magician.The wedding planner did wonderfully planning the wedding.
The wedding planner was a magician.The wedding planner did a horrible job planning the wedding.
The dancer moved like a butterfly.The dancer is graceful.
The dancer moved like a butterfly.The dancer is lead footed.
The dancer moved like a horse.The dancer is lead footed.
The dancer moved like a horse.The dancer is graceful.
The pizza tastes like homemade.It's delicious.
The pizza tastes like homemade.It's garbage.
The pizza tastes like yesterdays leftovers.It's garbage.
The pizza tastes like yesterdays leftovers.It's delicious.
The painting had the creativity of a bowl of oatmeal.The movie was really dull.
The painting had the creativity of a bowl of oatmeal.The movie was really creative.
The painting had the creativity of a james cameron movie.The movie was really creative.
The painting had the creativity of a james cameron movie.The movie was really dull.
The child was as religious as a priest.The child was very religious.
The child was as religious as a priest.The child was not religious.
The child was as religious as a sinner.The child was not religious.
The child was as religious as a sinner.The child was very religious.
The woman was as kind as a teacher.The woman was kind.
The woman was as kind as a teacher.The woman was cruel.
The woman was as kind as a prisoner.The woman was cruel.
The woman was as kind as a prisoner.The woman was kind.
The test is as easy as a sunday  morning.The test is easy.
The test is as easy as a sunday  morning.The test is hard.
The test is as easy as rocket science.The test is hard.
The test is as easy as rocket science.The test is easy.
She is happy as a clam.She is elated.
She is happy as a clam.She is mad.
She is happy as a bear that stepped on a thorn.She is mad.
She is happy as a bear that stepped on a thorn.She is elated.
The employee is sharp as a razor.The employee is smart.
The employee is sharp as a razor.The employee is dumb.
The employee is sharp as a bowling ball.The employee is dumb.
The employee is sharp as a bowling ball.The employee is smart.
The tourist thought the bed at the hotel felt like velvet.The bed was soft.
The tourist thought the bed at the hotel felt like velvet.The bed was hard.
The tourist thought the bed at the hotel felt like marble.The bed was hard.
The tourist thought the bed at the hotel felt like marble.The bed was soft.
When the rubber hits the road. life gets real.Things get intense.
When the rubber hits the road. life gets real.Things get worse.
When the rubber hits the road. things go  down hill.Things get worse.
When the rubber hits the road. things go  down hill.Things get intense.
The pianist's performance was a game of whack-a-mole.The pianist's performance was sloppy.
The pianist's performance was a game of whack-a-mole.The pianist's performance was meticulous.
The pianist's performance was the weaving of an ornate persian carpet.The pianist's performance was meticulous.
The pianist's performance was the weaving of an ornate persian carpet.The pianist's performance was sloppy.
The girl's personality was as sweet as a grapefruit.The girl had a very surly personality.
The girl's personality was as sweet as a grapefruit.The girl had a sweet personality.
The girl's personality was as sweet as a donut.The girl had a sweet personality.
The girl's personality was as sweet as a donut.The girl had a very surly personality.
The movie had as much meaning as a hallmark card.The movie's meaning was frivolous.
The movie had as much meaning as a hallmark card.The movie was laden with meaning.
The movie had as much meaning as the bible.The movie was laden with meaning.
The movie had as much meaning as the bible.The movie's meaning was frivolous.
The jazz solo sounded as smooth as silk.The jazz solo sounded nice and smooth.
The jazz solo sounded as smooth as silk.The jazz solo sounded rough and bad.
The jazz solo sounded as smooth as sandpaper.The jazz solo sounded rough and bad.
The jazz solo sounded as smooth as sandpaper.The jazz solo sounded nice and smooth.
Her hangover made her feel like death.Her hangover made her feel terrible.
Her hangover made her feel like death.Her hangover didn't hurt her at all.
Her hangover made her feel like a sunrise.Her hangover didn't hurt her at all.
Her hangover made her feel like a sunrise.Her hangover made her feel terrible.
The room was as open as a farm.The room was very open.
The room was as open as a farm.The room wasn't open at all.
The room was as open as a city.The room wasn't open at all.
The room was as open as a city.The room was very open.
His joints have the crackle of a bowl of rice krispies.His joints are quite crackly.
His joints have the crackle of a bowl of rice krispies.His joints do not crackle.
His joints have the crackle of a pre-popped roll of bubble wrap.His joints do not crackle.
His joints have the crackle of a pre-popped roll of bubble wrap.His joints are quite crackly.
The lightbulb is putting out the light of a massive forest fire on a dark night.The lightbulb is putting out a lot of light.
The lightbulb is putting out the light of a massive forest fire on a dark night.The lightbulb is putting out no light.
The lightbulb is putting out the light of a massive black hole in the darkness of space.The lightbulb is putting out no light.
The lightbulb is putting out the light of a massive black hole in the darkness of space.The lightbulb is putting out a lot of light.
The thrift store had the variety of a monochrome print.The thrift store had a limited selection.
The thrift store had the variety of a monochrome print.The thrift store had a varied selection.
The thrift store had the variety of a dazzling tapestry.The thrift store had a varied selection.
The thrift store had the variety of a dazzling tapestry.The thrift store had a limited selection.
The doctor was a norse villain.The doctor was mean.
The doctor was a norse villain.The doctor was kind and charming.
The doctor was a fairytale prince.The doctor was kind and charming.
The doctor was a fairytale prince.The doctor was mean.
The sound of the glass shattering was like hiroshima.The sound was loud.
The sound of the glass shattering was like hiroshima.The sound was quiet.
The sound of the glass shattering was like a lullaby.The sound was quiet.
The sound of the glass shattering was like a lullaby.The sound was loud.
She was a bear at dinner.She ate a lot.
She was a bear at dinner.She ate very little.
She was a mouse at dinner.She ate very little.
She was a mouse at dinner.She ate a lot.
The armor was tough as iron.The armor was tough.
The armor was tough as iron.The armor was breakable and weak.
The armor was tough as glass.The armor was breakable and weak.
The armor was tough as glass.The armor was tough.
The toy was cared for like a baby.The toy was taken good care of.
The toy was cared for like a baby.The toy was not cared for well at all.
The toy was cared for like trash.The toy was not cared for well at all.
The toy was cared for like trash.The toy was taken good care of.
The lawyer's negotiation tactics were like steel.The lawyer's negotiation tactics were tough.
The lawyer's negotiation tactics were like steel.The lawyer's negotiation tactics were lenient.
The lawyer's negotiation tactics were like a fuzzy bathrobe.The lawyer's negotiation tactics were lenient.
The lawyer's negotiation tactics were like a fuzzy bathrobe.The lawyer's negotiation tactics were tough.
The plastic plate shattered and looked like a spiderweb.It shattered into a lot of pieces.
The plastic plate shattered and looked like a spiderweb.It only shattered into 2 pieces.
The plastic plate shattered and looked like a half moon.It only shattered into 2 pieces.
The plastic plate shattered and looked like a half moon.It shattered into a lot of pieces.
The apartment was as high up as the empire state building observation deck.The apartment was on the high floor.
The apartment was as high up as the empire state building observation deck.The apartment was only a few floors up.
The apartment was as high up as a treehouse in the backyard.The apartment was only a few floors up.
The apartment was as high up as a treehouse in the backyard.The apartment was on the high floor.
The man had the features of a greek god.The man was very attractive.
The man had the features of a greek god.The man was goofy and ugly.
The man had the features of a clown.The man was goofy and ugly.
The man had the features of a clown.The man was very attractive.
The pug was wheezing in dog form.The dog is tired and has trouble breathing.
The pug was wheezing in dog form.The dog has a ton of energy.
The pug was lightning in dog form.The dog has a ton of energy.
The pug was lightning in dog form.The dog is tired and has trouble breathing.
That movie has the humor of a nun.The movie is not funny.
That movie has the humor of a nun.The movie is very funny.
That movie has the humor of a clown bus.The movie is very funny.
That movie has the humor of a clown bus.The movie is not funny.
The movie has a depth of a crater.The movie has a deep meaning.
The movie has a depth of a crater.The movie is superficial.
The movie has a depth of a crack.The movie is superficial.
The movie has a depth of a crack.The movie has a deep meaning.
The gambler thought his odds were as low as the ground.His odds were low.
The gambler thought his odds were as low as the ground.His odds were actually high.
The gambler thought his odds were as low as the moon.His odds were actually high.
The gambler thought his odds were as low as the moon.His odds were low.
The dancer was as graceful as a swan.The dancer was graceful.
The dancer was as graceful as a swan.The dancer was boorish and uncoordinated.
The dancer was as graceful as a honking goose.The dancer was boorish and uncoordinated.
The dancer was as graceful as a honking goose.The dancer was graceful.
He was as smart as a tree stump.The person is dumb.
He was as smart as a tree stump.The person is a genius.
He was as smart as einstein.The person is a genius.
He was as smart as einstein.The person is dumb.
The stock value was a geyser.The stock value increased.
The stock value was a geyser.The stock value stayed stagnant.
The stock value was a puddle.The stock value stayed stagnant.
The stock value was a puddle.The stock value increased.
The couch had all the comfort of a thornbush.The couch was very comfortable.
The couch had all the comfort of a thornbush.The couch was not very comfortable.
The couch had all the comfort of a grandma's hug.The couch was not very comfortable.
The couch had all the comfort of a grandma's hug.The couch was very comfortable.
The ballerina has all to grace of a club-footed drunk.The ballerina is clumsy.
The ballerina has all to grace of a club-footed drunk.The ballerina is graceful.
The ballerina has all to grace of a swan gently swimming in a pond.The ballerina is graceful.
The ballerina has all to grace of a swan gently swimming in a pond.The ballerina is clumsy.
The tennis match contained all the suspense of a boring and endless monopoly game.The tennis match is tedious and boring.
The tennis match contained all the suspense of a boring and endless monopoly game.The tennis match is suspenseful and exciting.
The tennis match contained all the suspense of an alfred hitchcock movie.The tennis match is suspenseful and exciting.
The tennis match contained all the suspense of an alfred hitchcock movie.The tennis match is tedious and boring.
He is faithful as a church goer.He is good.
He is faithful as a church goer.He is bad.
He is faithful as a strip club vip.He is bad.
He is faithful as a strip club vip.He is good.
The incense had the smell of a homemade apple pie after skipping lunch.The incense smelled quite good.
The incense had the smell of a homemade apple pie after skipping lunch.The incense didn't smell good at all.
The incense had the smell of a wet dog wearing gym socks.The incense didn't smell good at all.
The incense had the smell of a wet dog wearing gym socks.The incense smelled quite good.
The girl had the thirst of a man after finishing a 128 oz slushie.The girl was not thirsty.
The girl had the thirst of a man after finishing a 128 oz slushie.The girl was very thirsty.
The girl had the thirst of a mid-'00s suv after a short drive.The girl was very thirsty.
The girl had the thirst of a mid-'00s suv after a short drive.The girl was not thirsty.
The backpack had the space of a school bus in the middle of the night.The backpack had a lot of space.
The backpack had the space of a school bus in the middle of the night.There was little space in the backpack.
The backpack had the space of a school bus on a field trip to a pizza party.There was little space in the backpack.
The backpack had the space of a school bus on a field trip to a pizza party.The backpack had a lot of space.
The coffee was as strong as an army.The coffee was very strong.
The coffee was as strong as an army.The coffee was very weak.
The coffee was as strong as diluted milk.The coffee was very weak.
The coffee was as strong as diluted milk.The coffee was very strong.
The room was as dark as a pay phone.The room was very dark.
The room was as dark as a pay phone.The room was not dark, but not well lit.
The room was as dark as a raincloud.The room was not dark, but not well lit.
The room was as dark as a raincloud.The room was very dark.
The sun shined like a flame.The sun was very bright.
The sun shined like a flame.The sun was dim or obscured, not bright at all.
The sun shined like a burned-out bulb.The sun was dim or obscured, not bright at all.
The sun shined like a burned-out bulb.The sun was very bright.
Christmas was as lively as a party.Christmas was lively and festive.
Christmas was as lively as a party.Christmas was quiet, lonely, and devoid of activity.
Christmas was as lively as a morgue.Christmas was quiet, lonely, and devoid of activity.
Christmas was as lively as a morgue.Christmas was lively and festive.
The movie has the thrill of a dentist's visit.The movie is dull.
The movie has the thrill of a dentist's visit.The movie is exciting.
The movie has the thrill of a carnival ride.The movie is exciting.
The movie has the thrill of a carnival ride.The movie is dull.
The book plot has the novelty of an iphone 4.The book plot is stale.
The book plot has the novelty of an iphone 4.The book plot is really novel.
The book plot has the novelty of a robot with feelings.The book plot is really novel.
The book plot has the novelty of a robot with feelings.The book plot is stale.
My shoulder hurts as much as stepping on a jagged, rusty nail.It hurts a lot.
My shoulder hurts as much as stepping on a jagged, rusty nail.It barely hurts at all.
My shoulder hurts as much as getting hit with a silk pillow.It barely hurts at all.
My shoulder hurts as much as getting hit with a silk pillow.It hurts a lot.
The hostess is a dental drill.The hostess is unpleasant.
The hostess is a dental drill.The hostess is delightful.
The hostess is a sweet potato pie.The hostess is delightful.
The hostess is a sweet potato pie.The hostess is unpleasant.
The wrinkle cream is an outhouse.The wrinkle cream is disgusting.
The wrinkle cream is an outhouse.The wrinkle cream is pleasant.
The wrinkle cream is a purring kitten.The wrinkle cream is pleasant.
The wrinkle cream is a purring kitten.The wrinkle cream is disgusting.
She was gleaming like headlights.She was bright.
She was gleaming like headlights.She was dark.
She was gleaming like midnight.She was dark.
She was gleaming like midnight.She was bright.
This sand is as coarse as a silkworm's thread.It's not coarse at all.
This sand is as coarse as a silkworm's thread.It's very rough.
This sand is as coarse as the discourse at a thanksgiving dinner.It's very rough.
This sand is as coarse as the discourse at a thanksgiving dinner.It's not coarse at all.
The pool has the wetness of the planet kamino.It's very wet.
The pool has the wetness of the planet kamino.It's very dry.
The pool has the wetness of the planet tatooine.It's very dry.
The pool has the wetness of the planet tatooine.It's very wet.
Quitting the job was as satisfying as an ice cream cone on a summer day.Quitting the job was totally satisfying.
Quitting the job was as satisfying as an ice cream cone on a summer day.Quitting the job gave no satisfaction.
Quitting the job was as satisfying as a prickly rose bush.Quitting the job gave no satisfaction.
Quitting the job was as satisfying as a prickly rose bush.Quitting the job was totally satisfying.
The music has the sound of a jackhammer.The music is loud.
The music has the sound of a jackhammer.The music is soft.
The music has the sound of a baby bird.The music is soft.
The music has the sound of a baby bird.The music is loud.
The jacket has the feeling of sandpaper.The jacket is rough.
The jacket has the feeling of sandpaper.The jacket is smooth.
The jacket has the feeling of butter.The jacket is smooth.
The jacket has the feeling of butter.The jacket is rough.
She was skilled like a scientist.She was very skilled.
She was skilled like a scientist.She was not at all skillful.
She was skilled like a bum.She was not at all skillful.
She was skilled like a bum.She was very skilled.
His vision was as cloudy as the sky during a hurricane.It is hard to see through.
His vision was as cloudy as the sky during a hurricane.It is clear.
His vision was as cloudy as a glass of water.It is clear.
His vision was as cloudy as a glass of water.It is hard to see through.
She is as clumsy as an octopus on roller skates.She is a klutz.
She is as clumsy as an octopus on roller skates.She is careful.
She is as clumsy as a squirrel in a tree.She is careful.
She is as clumsy as a squirrel in a tree.She is a klutz.
The teacher had all the charisma of a leader.The teacher was charismatic.
The teacher had all the charisma of a leader.The teacher was foolish.
The teacher had all the charisma of a clown.The teacher was foolish.
The teacher had all the charisma of a clown.The teacher was charismatic.
The pie crust was as flaky as dandruff.The pie crust was totally flaky.
The pie crust was as flaky as dandruff.The pie crust was tough.
The pie crust was as flaky as a lead block.The pie crust was tough.
The pie crust was as flaky as a lead block.The pie crust was totally flaky.
The movie ending made as much sense as a pig in a pen.The movie ending made total sense.
The movie ending made as much sense as a pig in a pen.The movie ending didn't make any sense.
The movie ending made as much sense as a fish on a mountain.The movie ending didn't make any sense.
The movie ending made as much sense as a fish on a mountain.The movie ending made total sense.
The ski slope is a dimple.The ski slope is easy.
The ski slope is a dimple.The ski slope is difficult.
The ski slope is cyrano de bergerac's nose.The ski slope is difficult.
The ski slope is cyrano de bergerac's nose.The ski slope is easy.
She was as free as a bird.She was very free.
She was as free as a bird.She wasn't free at all.
She was as free as a zoo animal.She wasn't free at all.
She was as free as a zoo animal.She was very free.
She was as entertaining as a lecture.She wasn't entertaining.
She was as entertaining as a lecture.She was very entertaining.
She was as entertaining as a television show.She was very entertaining.
She was as entertaining as a television show.She wasn't entertaining.
Getting the whole school evacuated in a raging fire is as easy as counting ten pennies.Getting the whole school evacuated in a raging fire is simple.
Getting the whole school evacuated in a raging fire is as easy as counting ten pennies.Getting the whole school evacuated in a raging fire is nearly impossible.
Getting the whole school evacuated in a raging fire is as easy as climbing the swiss alps.Getting the whole school evacuated in a raging fire is nearly impossible.
Getting the whole school evacuated in a raging fire is as easy as climbing the swiss alps.Getting the whole school evacuated in a raging fire is simple.
The building is as well constructed as the straw house  the pigs built that the wolf blew down.The building is falling apart.
The building is as well constructed as the straw house  the pigs built that the wolf blew down.The building is 100% safe.
The building is as well constructed as the brick house the wolf could not blow doen.The building is 100% safe.
The building is as well constructed as the brick house the wolf could not blow doen.The building is falling apart.
The head of our country is as smart as a a turkey.The head of our country is very dumb.
The head of our country is as smart as a a turkey.The head of our country is very smart.
The head of our country is as smart as an orangutang.The head of our country is very smart.
The head of our country is as smart as an orangutang.The head of our country is very dumb.
The future is as bright as the sun.The future is bright.
The future is as bright as the sun.The future is not bright.
The future is as bright as ink.The future is not bright.
The future is as bright as ink.The future is bright.
The cat had the fur of a yeti.The cat was furry.
The cat had the fur of a yeti.The cat was not furry.
The cat had the fur of a baby's bottom.The cat was not furry.
The cat had the fur of a baby's bottom.The cat was furry.
She thinks of herself as the mother of humanity.She is self-righteous and entitled.
She thinks of herself as the mother of humanity.She is humble and respectful towards the different people.
She thinks of herself as a particle of sand in the desert.She is humble and respectful towards the different people.
She thinks of herself as a particle of sand in the desert.She is self-righteous and entitled.
He was as cautious as a mother with a newborn.He is careful.
He was as cautious as a mother with a newborn.He is reckless.
He was as cautious as a drunk driver on the highway.He is reckless.
He was as cautious as a drunk driver on the highway.He is careful.
The dog is as charming as a salesman.The dog is flattering.
The dog is as charming as a salesman.The dog is gross.
The dog is as charming as a sick racoon.The dog is gross.
The dog is as charming as a sick racoon.The dog is flattering.
The girl is as cheerful as a kid in a toy store.She is happy.
The girl is as cheerful as a kid in a toy store.She is sad.
The girl is as cheerful as a mom at a funeral.She is sad.
The girl is as cheerful as a mom at a funeral.She is happy.
The bathroom has the space of neptune's orbit around the sun.The bathroom is spacious.
The bathroom has the space of neptune's orbit around the sun.The bathroom is cramped.
The bathroom has the space of an egg with a baby chicken in it.The bathroom is cramped.
The bathroom has the space of an egg with a baby chicken in it.The bathroom is spacious.
Her beauty is like the vaquita.Her beauty is quite rare.
Her beauty is like the vaquita.Her beauty is pretty common.
Her beauty is like the peruvian anchoveta.Her beauty is pretty common.
Her beauty is like the peruvian anchoveta.Her beauty is quite rare.
The boys are feeling like burrowing shrews today.The boys are very active today.
The boys are feeling like burrowing shrews today.The boys are moving sluggish today.
The boys are feeling like nurse sharks today.The boys are moving sluggish today.
The boys are feeling like nurse sharks today.The boys are very active today.
The disease was as serious as a funeral.The disease was very serious.
The disease was as serious as a funeral.The disease was not serious.
The disease was as serious as a hangnail.The disease was not serious.
The disease was as serious as a hangnail.The disease was very serious.
The doctor was dressed like liberace.The doctor was dressed well.
The doctor was dressed like liberace.The doctor was dressed poorly.
The doctor was dressed like a car repairman.The doctor was dressed poorly.
The doctor was dressed like a car repairman.The doctor was dressed well.
The reporter has the charisma of a sloth.The reporter is boring.
The reporter has the charisma of a sloth.The report is over excited.
The reporter has the charisma of a jack russel terrier.The report is over excited.
The reporter has the charisma of a jack russel terrier.The reporter is boring.
The wood floor is as slippery as a piece of sand paper.The floor is not slippery at all.
The wood floor is as slippery as a piece of sand paper.The floor is super slippery.
The wood floor is as slippery as a banana peel.The floor is super slippery.
The wood floor is as slippery as a banana peel.The floor is not slippery at all.
The reporter was so high he could hunt ducks with a rake.The reporter was under the influence of drugs.
The reporter was so high he could hunt ducks with a rake.The reporter was not drugged at all.
The reporter was so high he could do differential equations with ease.The reporter was not drugged at all.
The reporter was so high he could do differential equations with ease.The reporter was under the influence of drugs.
The gorilla tape was sticky like melted chocolate bars in a wrapper.The tape was gooey and unwilling to release.
The gorilla tape was sticky like melted chocolate bars in a wrapper.The tape was dry and fluffy.
The gorilla tape was sticky like dried mouse nest material.The tape was dry and fluffy.
The gorilla tape was sticky like dried mouse nest material.The tape was gooey and unwilling to release.
Death, the harvester of souls, waited outside the door like a drooling dog sitting at the base of a tree waiting for a squirrel.Death was patiently waiting.
Death, the harvester of souls, waited outside the door like a drooling dog sitting at the base of a tree waiting for a squirrel.Death ran around in every direction simultaneously.
Death, the harvester of souls, waited outside the door like a kindergarten class that ran out of ritalin while in a puppy farm.Death ran around in every direction simultaneously.
Death, the harvester of souls, waited outside the door like a kindergarten class that ran out of ritalin while in a puppy farm.Death was patiently waiting.
On the field, the soccer player was a tornado.On the field, the soccer player was very aggressive.
On the field, the soccer player was a tornado.On the field, the soccer player wasn't very impactful.
On the field, the soccer player was a light breeze.On the field, the soccer player wasn't very impactful.
On the field, the soccer player was a light breeze.On the field, the soccer player was very aggressive.
The wine tasted of my lover's lips.The wine tasted great.
The wine tasted of my lover's lips.The wine tasted lousy.
The wine tasted of old shoes.The wine tasted lousy.
The wine tasted of old shoes.The wine tasted great.
The effects of the disease on her body was an earthquake.The effects were devestating.
The effects of the disease on her body was an earthquake.The effects were minimal.
The effects of the disease on her body was a raindrop.The effects were minimal.
The effects of the disease on her body was a raindrop.The effects were devestating.
The article from the reporter has the insights of a first grader's primer.The article is shallow and lacks depth.
The article from the reporter has the insights of a first grader's primer.The article is deep and meaningful.
The article from the reporter has the insights of an expert journalist.The article is deep and meaningful.
The article from the reporter has the insights of an expert journalist.The article is shallow and lacks depth.
Her cheeks were the color of a delicate rose.Her cheeks were pink.
Her cheeks were the color of a delicate rose.Her cheeks were white.
Her cheeks were the color of chalk.Her cheeks were white.
Her cheeks were the color of chalk.Her cheeks were pink.
He's busy as a beaver.He's busy.
He's busy as a beaver.He's lazy, not busy at all.
He's busy as a sloth.He's lazy, not busy at all.
He's busy as a sloth.He's busy.
The book is as thick as a board.The book is thick.
The book is as thick as a board.The book is thin.
The book is as thick as piece of paper.The book is thin.
The book is as thick as piece of paper.The book is thick.
The man has the build of hercules.The man is very muscular.
The man has the build of hercules.The man doesn't have any muscles.
The man has the build of a third-grader.The man doesn't have any muscles.
The man has the build of a third-grader.The man is very muscular.
The whale is as a mountain.The whale is enormous.
The whale is as a mountain.The whale is small.
The whale is as a tadpole.The whale is small.
The whale is as a tadpole.The whale is enormous.
The computer is as fast as a fighter jet.The computer is fast.
The computer is as fast as a fighter jet.The computer is slow.
The computer is as fast as a snail.The computer is slow.
The computer is as fast as a snail.The computer is fast.
He is as brave as a mouse.He is a coward.
He is as brave as a mouse.He is brave.
He is as brave as a lion.He is brave.
He is as brave as a lion.He is a coward.
The dog was as friendly as a bunny.It was nice.
The dog was as friendly as a bunny.It was mean.
The dog was as friendly as a snake.It was mean.
The dog was as friendly as a snake.It was nice.
Talking to him was like trying to corner a snake.He was duplicitous.
Talking to him was like trying to corner a snake.He was dangerous.
Talking to him was like trying to corner a rabid dog.He was dangerous.
Talking to him was like trying to corner a rabid dog.He was duplicitous.
The stain was as dark as midnight.The stain was easy to point out.
The stain was as dark as midnight.The stain was light.
The stain was as dark as noon.The stain was light.
The stain was as dark as noon.The stain was easy to point out.
The vase was as fragile as glass.The vase is fragile.
The vase was as fragile as glass.The vase is resilient and not fragile.
The vase was as fragile as stone.The vase is resilient and not fragile.
The vase was as fragile as stone.The vase is fragile.
The nba star was a ballet dancer.The nba star was graceful.
The nba star was a ballet dancer.The nba star was clumsy.
The nba star was a lumberjack.The nba star was clumsy.
The nba star was a lumberjack.The nba star was graceful.
He knew her like a sister.He knew her very well.
He knew her like a sister.He didn't know her well.
He knew her like a stranger.He didn't know her well.
He knew her like a stranger.He knew her very well.
It was as hot as a pile of snow.It wasn't hot at all.
It was as hot as a pile of snow.It was very hot.
It was as hot as a desert.It was very hot.
It was as hot as a desert.It wasn't hot at all.
The book was as thick as a piece of tissue paper.The book was very thin.
The book was as thick as a piece of tissue paper.The book was very thick.
The book was as thick as a brick.The book was very thick.
The book was as thick as a brick.The book was very thin.
The girl's academic marks were as high as a skyscraper.The girl's academic marks were impressive.
The girl's academic marks were as high as a skyscraper.The girl's academic marks were poor.
The girl's academic marks were as high as a basement.The girl's academic marks were poor.
The girl's academic marks were as high as a basement.The girl's academic marks were impressive.
Her interpretive dance has the depth of an unattended litter box.Her interpretive dance is shallow.
Her interpretive dance has the depth of an unattended litter box.Her interpretive dance is profound.
Her interpretive dance has the depth of a steinbeck novel.Her interpretive dance is profound.
Her interpretive dance has the depth of a steinbeck novel.Her interpretive dance is shallow.
The elderly cat has the energy of a throw pillow.The cat doesn't move.
The elderly cat has the energy of a throw pillow.The cat is hyperactive.
The elderly cat has the energy of a class at recess.The cat is hyperactive.
The elderly cat has the energy of a class at recess.The cat doesn't move.
She was as attractive as aphrodite.She was pretty.
She was as attractive as aphrodite.She was ugly.
She was as attractive as a mudfish.She was ugly.
She was as attractive as a mudfish.She was pretty.
The work was about as average as getting a 70 on a test.The work was average.
The work was about as average as getting a 70 on a test.The work was amazing.
The work was about as average as getting a perfect score on a test.The work was amazing.
The work was about as average as getting a perfect score on a test.The work was average.
His words were a knife.They were violent and harsh.
His words were a knife.They were soft.
His words were a pillow.They were soft.
His words were a pillow.They were violent and harsh.
The sky was as blue as the sea.The sky was blue.
The sky was as blue as the sea.The sky was muggy and dark.
The sky was as blue as the mud.The sky was muggy and dark.
The sky was as blue as the mud.The sky was blue.
The man was thin as a toothpick.The man was thin.
The man was thin as a toothpick.The man was very large.
The man was thin as a rhinoceros.The man was very large.
The man was thin as a rhinoceros.The man was thin.
His sacrifice showed he had a heart like a lion.His sacrifice was very bold.
His sacrifice showed he had a heart like a lion.His sacrifice was timid and weak.
His sacrifice showed he had a heart like a mouse.His sacrifice was timid and weak.
His sacrifice showed he had a heart like a mouse.His sacrifice was very bold.
The outfit had teddy looking about as nice as a three hundred dollar dinner.The outfit looked very fancy.
The outfit had teddy looking about as nice as a three hundred dollar dinner.The outfit looked very degrading.
The outfit had teddy looking about as nice as a bum on the street.The outfit looked very degrading.
The outfit had teddy looking about as nice as a bum on the street.The outfit looked very fancy.
The child was as smart as an encyclopedia.The child was very smart.
The child was as smart as an encyclopedia.The child was not smart.
The child was as smart as a house plant.The child was not smart.
The child was as smart as a house plant.The child was very smart.
The water is as hot as the sun.The water is very hot.
The water is as hot as the sun.The water is freezing cold.
The water is as hot as an ice cube.The water is freezing cold.
The water is as hot as an ice cube.The water is very hot.
He is as smart as an einstein.He is very smart.
He is as smart as an einstein.He is quite stupid.
He is as smart as a brick.He is quite stupid.
He is as smart as a brick.He is very smart.
The house was a big as a palace.The house was big.
The house was a big as a palace.The house was tiny.
The house was a big as a breadbox.The house was tiny.
The house was a big as a breadbox.The house was big.
The government ran with the efficiency of a well-oiled machine.The government was very efficient.
The government ran with the efficiency of a well-oiled machine.The government was not efficient at all.
The government ran with the efficiency of a sputtering engine.The government was not efficient at all.
The government ran with the efficiency of a sputtering engine.The government was very efficient.
The odds were as high as the sky.The odds were very high.
The odds were as high as the sky.The odds were very low.
The odds were as high as a hole in the ground.The odds were very low.
The odds were as high as a hole in the ground.The odds were very high.
The storm caused all the destruction of a blazing inferno.The storm caused terrible devastation.
The storm caused all the destruction of a blazing inferno.The storm barely did any damage at all.
The storm caused all the destruction of a pillow fight.The storm barely did any damage at all.
The storm caused all the destruction of a pillow fight.The storm caused terrible devastation.
The lion has the confidence of barney fife.The lion is a coward.
The lion has the confidence of barney fife.The lion is self assured.
The lion has the confidence of fidel castro.The lion is self assured.
The lion has the confidence of fidel castro.The lion is a coward.
She's as sweet as a candied yam.She's pretty swet.
She's as sweet as a candied yam.She's not sweet at all.
She's as sweet as a pickled egg.She's not sweet at all.
She's as sweet as a pickled egg.She's pretty swet.
The government's welfare policy is as easy to read as an apple privacy policy.The government's welfare policy is incomprehensible.
The government's welfare policy is as easy to read as an apple privacy policy.The government's welfare policy is really straightforward.
The government's welfare policy is as easy to read as a grocery list.The government's welfare policy is really straightforward.
The government's welfare policy is as easy to read as a grocery list.The government's welfare policy is incomprehensible.
The letter was as heartwarming as an apple cider donut straight from the fryer.The letter was really heartwarming.
The letter was as heartwarming as an apple cider donut straight from the fryer.The letter wasn't heartwarming at all.
The letter was as heartwarming as lemon juice.The letter wasn't heartwarming at all.
The letter was as heartwarming as lemon juice.The letter was really heartwarming.
The government is radioactive.The government is dangerous.
The government is radioactive.The government will protect you.
The government is a shield.The government will protect you.
The government is a shield.The government is dangerous.
The ocean is an old friend.The speaker loves the ocean.
The ocean is an old friend.The speaker fears the ocean.
The ocean is a hunter.The speaker fears the ocean.
The ocean is a hunter.The speaker loves the ocean.
You're being as still as a statue.You're being very still.
You're being as still as a statue.You're constantly moving.
You're being as still as a hyperactive child on a sugar-rush.You're constantly moving.
You're being as still as a hyperactive child on a sugar-rush.You're being very still.
These chips are salty as the tears of a fangirl when her favorite band breaks up.It's very salty.
These chips are salty as the tears of a fangirl when her favorite band breaks up.It has no salt.
These chips are salty as potassium chloride.It has no salt.
These chips are salty as potassium chloride.It's very salty.
The tree canopy has the shadow of a totem pole.The tree canopy does not provide shade.
The tree canopy has the shadow of a totem pole.The tree canopy is shady.
The tree canopy has the shadow of an eclipse.The tree canopy is shady.
The tree canopy has the shadow of an eclipse.The tree canopy does not provide shade.
Completing the homework assignment was like scaling everest.Completing the homework assignment was hard.
Completing the homework assignment was like scaling everest.Completing the homework assignment was easy.
Completing the homework assignment was like wading in a kiddie pool.Completing the homework assignment was easy.
Completing the homework assignment was like wading in a kiddie pool.Completing the homework assignment was hard.
The burrito is has the length of a whale.The burrito is long.
The burrito is has the length of a whale.The burrito is short.
The burrito is has the length of a lighter.The burrito is short.
The burrito is has the length of a lighter.The burrito is long.
She is as elegant as a swan.She is graceful.
She is as elegant as a swan.She is clumsy.
She is as elegant as a drunk dog.She is clumsy.
She is as elegant as a drunk dog.She is graceful.
She is as embarrassed as a kid that forgot homework.She is bashful.
She is as embarrassed as a kid that forgot homework.She is proud.
She is as embarrassed as a kid that got an a.She is proud.
She is as embarrassed as a kid that got an a.She is bashful.
His personality was as sparkling as a burned out lightbulb.He is a dull person.
His personality was as sparkling as a burned out lightbulb.He us colorgul and explosive.
His personality was as sparkling as july 4th fireworks.He us colorgul and explosive.
His personality was as sparkling as july 4th fireworks.He is a dull person.
The you tube tutorial was as informative as a blank sheet of paper.The you tube tutorial wasn't at all informative.
The you tube tutorial was as informative as a blank sheet of paper.The you tube tutorial was extremely informative.
The you tube tutorial was as informative as a graduate level physics class.The you tube tutorial was extremely informative.
The you tube tutorial was as informative as a graduate level physics class.The you tube tutorial wasn't at all informative.
The girl was as laidback as a picnic at the park.The girl was very laidback.
The girl was as laidback as a picnic at the park.The girl was super uptight.
The girl was as laidback as a black tie wedding.The girl was super uptight.
The girl was as laidback as a black tie wedding.The girl was very laidback.
The croissant has the delicacy of a sumo wrestler.The croissant is tough.
The croissant has the delicacy of a sumo wrestler.The croissant is light and airy.
The croissant has the delicacy of a fly antennae.The croissant is light and airy.
The croissant has the delicacy of a fly antennae.The croissant is tough.
He was as frightened as a deer in headlights.He was scared.
He was as frightened as a deer in headlights.He wasn't scared.
He was as frightened as a bear in the woods.He wasn't scared.
He was as frightened as a bear in the woods.He was scared.
The puzzle was an insurmountable mountain.The puzzle was very difficult.
The puzzle was an insurmountable mountain.The puzzle was easy.
The puzzle was a short walk downhill.The puzzle was easy.
The puzzle was a short walk downhill.The puzzle was very difficult.
The defense's argument had the simplicity of a byzantine mosaic.The argument was complicated.
The defense's argument had the simplicity of a byzantine mosaic.The argument was very simple.
The defense's argument had the simplicity of a nursery rhyme.The argument was very simple.
The defense's argument had the simplicity of a nursery rhyme.The argument was complicated.
The pilot landed with the elegance of a dancing elephant.The pilot landed roughly.
The pilot landed with the elegance of a dancing elephant.The pilot landed smoothly.
The pilot landed with the elegance of a royal swan.The pilot landed smoothly.
The pilot landed with the elegance of a royal swan.The pilot landed roughly.
In his heart he felt the burning fires of separation.He felt passionate.
In his heart he felt the burning fires of separation.He felt sad.
In his heart he felt the hallow depths of cave.He felt sad.
In his heart he felt the hallow depths of cave.He felt passionate.
It was as easy as leading a horse to water.It was relatively easy.
It was as easy as leading a horse to water.It was not easy.
It was as easy as herding cats into a swimming pool.It was not easy.
It was as easy as herding cats into a swimming pool.It was relatively easy.
The movie had the budget of a gold mine.The movie was very well-funded.
The movie had the budget of a gold mine.The movie had practically no funding at all.
The movie had the budget of a shoestring.The movie had practically no funding at all.
The movie had the budget of a shoestring.The movie was very well-funded.
The glass is as strong as an oak tree.The glass is sturdy.
The glass is as strong as an oak tree.The glass is weak.
The glass is as strong as tissue paper.The glass is weak.
The glass is as strong as tissue paper.The glass is sturdy.
The sculptor's work was as creative as buttered bread.The sculptor's work was really overdone.
The sculptor's work was as creative as buttered bread.The sculptor's work was very innovative.
The sculptor's work was as creative as sea urchin guacamole tacos.The sculptor's work was very innovative.
The sculptor's work was as creative as sea urchin guacamole tacos.The sculptor's work was really overdone.
Our internet speed is as fast as a tiger.Our internet speed is very fast.
Our internet speed is as fast as a tiger.Our internet speed is very slow.
Our internet speed is as fast as a snail.Our internet speed is very slow.
Our internet speed is as fast as a snail.Our internet speed is very fast.
The clone had the identicality of two files in a computer after hitting copy/paste.The clone is identical.
The clone had the identicality of two files in a computer after hitting copy/paste.The clone isn't identical.
The clone had the identicality of two half-siblings born decades apart.The clone isn't identical.
The clone had the identicality of two half-siblings born decades apart.The clone is identical.
The classroom was like a freezer.The classroom was really cold.
The classroom was like a freezer.The classroom was really hot.
The classroom was like an oven.The classroom was really hot.
The classroom was like an oven.The classroom was really cold.
The band plays like a giraffe calf.The band plays like clumsy beginners.
The band plays like a giraffe calf.The band plays with great precision.
The band plays like a neurosurgeon.The band plays with great precision.
The band plays like a neurosurgeon.The band plays like clumsy beginners.
The politician's values are as sincere as that complement you just got from the used car salesperson.The values are insincere.
The politician's values are as sincere as that complement you just got from the used car salesperson.The values change position often and quickly.
The politician's values are as firmly held a tumbleweed in a storm.The values change position often and quickly.
The politician's values are as firmly held a tumbleweed in a storm.The values are insincere.
His values are like the tides.His values are constantly changing.
His values are like the tides.His values are set and predictable.
His values are like the sun rising in the east and setting in the west.His values are set and predictable.
His values are like the sun rising in the east and setting in the west.His values are constantly changing.
This cartoon is as violent as normandy.The cartoon is violent.
This cartoon is as violent as normandy.The cartoon is innocent and unoffending.
This cartoon is as violent as a kindergarten play.The cartoon is innocent and unoffending.
This cartoon is as violent as a kindergarten play.The cartoon is violent.
She was loud like a cat.She was very loud.
She was loud like a cat.She was very quiet.
She was loud like a sloth.She was very quiet.
She was loud like a sloth.She was very loud.
They were as close as politicians.The weren't close at all.
They were as close as politicians.They were very close.
They were as close as churchgoers.They were very close.
They were as close as churchgoers.The weren't close at all.
Her style was harvard.Her style was advanced.
Her style was harvard.Her style was underdeveloped.
Her style was kindergarten.Her style was underdeveloped.
Her style was kindergarten.Her style was advanced.
This book is as riveting as watching grass grow.The book is boring and uneventful.
This book is as riveting as watching grass grow.The book is over stimulating.
This book is as riveting as watching a circus.The book is over stimulating.
This book is as riveting as watching a circus.The book is boring and uneventful.
The image had the beauty of an angel.The image was beautiful.
The image had the beauty of an angel.The image was hideous.
The image had the beauty of a garbage can.The image was hideous.
The image had the beauty of a garbage can.The image was beautiful.
The dinner tasted like bliss.The dinner tasted good.
The dinner tasted like bliss.The dinner tasted horrible.
The dinner tasted like death.The dinner tasted horrible.
The dinner tasted like death.The dinner tasted good.
Her knowledge was as vast as the universe.She had much knowledge.
Her knowledge was as vast as the universe.She had little knowledge.
Her knowledge was as vast as a broom closet.She had little knowledge.
Her knowledge was as vast as a broom closet.She had much knowledge.
Her mind was as clear as a foggy marsh.Her mind was confused.
Her mind was as clear as a foggy marsh.Her mind was sharp.
Her mind was as clear as a sunny day in may.Her mind was sharp.
Her mind was as clear as a sunny day in may.Her mind was confused.
The classroom was a firestorm.The classroom was in chaos.
The classroom was a firestorm.The classroom was orderly.
The classroom was a military training.The classroom was orderly.
The classroom was a military training.The classroom was in chaos.
After the woman talked to him, the man's ego was a pancake.The man's ego shrank.
After the woman talked to him, the man's ego was a pancake.The man's ego grew.
After the woman talked to him, the man's ego was a balloon.The man's ego grew.
After the woman talked to him, the man's ego was a balloon.The man's ego shrank.
She had a butt like two bulldogs fighting in a burlap sack.Her butt was fat and round.
She had a butt like two bulldogs fighting in a burlap sack.Her butt was flat and uninteresting.
She had a butt like a stack of office paper.Her butt was flat and uninteresting.
She had a butt like a stack of office paper.Her butt was fat and round.
Watching that tv show was like going to the dentist.Watching the tv show was boring and painful.
Watching that tv show was like going to the dentist.Watching the tv show was so good it was an almost otherworldly experience.
Watching that tv show was like sitting in on a ted talk by god himself.Watching the tv show was so good it was an almost otherworldly experience.
Watching that tv show was like sitting in on a ted talk by god himself.Watching the tv show was boring and painful.
The air was as fresh as a flower.The air smelled fresh.
The air was as fresh as a flower.The air smelled horrible.
The air was as fresh as a landfill.The air smelled horrible.
The air was as fresh as a landfill.The air smelled fresh.
You are as bright as the night.You are dumb.
You are as bright as the night.You are smart.
You are as bright a star.You are smart.
You are as bright a star.You are dumb.
The dress fits as well as a condom.The dress fits well.
The dress fits as well as a condom.The dress fits terribly.
The dress fits as well as sweatpants.The dress fits terribly.
The dress fits as well as sweatpants.The dress fits well.
The air in the town often has the fragrance of an open sewer.The air in the town smelled bad.
The air in the town often has the fragrance of an open sewer.The air in the town smelled good.
The air in the town often has the fragrance of a field of flowers.The air in the town smelled good.
The air in the town often has the fragrance of a field of flowers.The air in the town smelled bad.
The oil inventory in the store rang of a struggling business.The oil inventory was sparse.
The oil inventory in the store rang of a struggling business.The oil inventory was plentiful.
The oil inventory in the store rang of a business in the land of plenty.The oil inventory was plentiful.
The oil inventory in the store rang of a business in the land of plenty.The oil inventory was sparse.
The portrayal of the historic figure in the play was as fake as a three-dollar bill.The portrayal of the historic figure is phony.
The portrayal of the historic figure in the play was as fake as a three-dollar bill.The portrayal of the historic figure is well done.
The portrayal of the historic figure in the play was as solid as a brick wall.The portrayal of the historic figure is well done.
The portrayal of the historic figure in the play was as solid as a brick wall.The portrayal of the historic figure is phony.
It has the lifespan of a jurupa oak tree clone.It lives for a long time.
It has the lifespan of a jurupa oak tree clone.It doesn't have long to live.
It has the lifespan of a drunkard on a busy highway.It doesn't have long to live.
It has the lifespan of a drunkard on a busy highway.It lives for a long time.
The shampoo has the moisturizing power of a lotion made by poseidon.It moisturizes very well.
The shampoo has the moisturizing power of a lotion made by poseidon.It doesn't moisturize well.
The shampoo has the moisturizing power of a desert horned lizard.It doesn't moisturize well.
The shampoo has the moisturizing power of a desert horned lizard.It moisturizes very well.
The goat had the drowsiness of a sloth after downing a bottle of melatonin.The goat was very drowsy.
The goat had the drowsiness of a sloth after downing a bottle of melatonin.The goat was wide awake and alert.
The goat had the drowsiness of a robber during a home invasion.The goat was wide awake and alert.
The goat had the drowsiness of a robber during a home invasion.The goat was very drowsy.
Her hair was her armor.Her hair made her feel confident.
Her hair was her armor.Her hair made her feel insecure.
Her hair was her achilles heel.Her hair made her feel insecure.
Her hair was her achilles heel.Her hair made her feel confident.
The roadtrip was an all out assault.The roadtrip was extremely stressful.
The roadtrip was an all out assault.The roadtrip was relaxing.
The roadtrip was a massage on wheels.The roadtrip was relaxing.
The roadtrip was a massage on wheels.The roadtrip was extremely stressful.
The man had the presence of a tower.The man was noticeable and had lots of presence.
The man had the presence of a tower.The man was unnoticed, and lacked presence.
The man had the presence of a mouse.The man was unnoticed, and lacked presence.
The man had the presence of a mouse.The man was noticeable and had lots of presence.
Her passion for school was a fire.She had a lot of passion for school.
Her passion for school was a fire.She had very little passion for school.
Her passion for school was a drip.She had very little passion for school.
Her passion for school was a drip.She had a lot of passion for school.
The chemical burn was the size of texas.The burn was big.
The chemical burn was the size of texas.The burn was tiny.
The chemical burn was the size of a flea.The burn was tiny.
The chemical burn was the size of a flea.The burn was big.
His test questions had the difficulty of string theory.The questions were hard.
His test questions had the difficulty of string theory.The questions were easy.
His test questions had the difficulty of the abc's.The questions were easy.
His test questions had the difficulty of the abc's.The questions were hard.
The movie was as predictable as a hungry baby crying.The movie could be totally predicted.
The movie was as predictable as a hungry baby crying.The movie couldn't be predicted at all.
The movie was as predictable as san francisco's weather.The movie couldn't be predicted at all.
The movie was as predictable as san francisco's weather.The movie could be totally predicted.
The girl gets as much attention as a diamond ring.The girl gets showered with attention.
The girl gets as much attention as a diamond ring.The girl doesn't get any attention at all.
The girl gets as much attention as a paper bag.The girl doesn't get any attention at all.
The girl gets as much attention as a paper bag.The girl gets showered with attention.
The girl's friends were as flaky as pie crust.The girl's friends were unreliable.
The girl's friends were as flaky as pie crust.The girl's friends were totally reliable.
The girl's friends were as flaky as a bar of iron.The girl's friends were totally reliable.
The girl's friends were as flaky as a bar of iron.The girl's friends were unreliable.
The meeting was an ant colony of ideas.There were a lot of ideas being shared at the meeting.
The meeting was an ant colony of ideas.The meeting had a total lack of ideas.
The meeting was a cold desert of ideas.The meeting had a total lack of ideas.
The meeting was a cold desert of ideas.There were a lot of ideas being shared at the meeting.
He had the graciousness of a king at court.He was very gracious.
He had the graciousness of a king at court.He was not very gracious.
He had the graciousness of a jester at court.He was not very gracious.
He had the graciousness of a jester at court.He was very gracious.
Their marriage had the passion of a starving artist.Their marriage is very passionate.
Their marriage had the passion of a starving artist.Their marriage is not very passionate.
Their marriage had the passion of sleeping tortoise.Their marriage is not very passionate.
Their marriage had the passion of sleeping tortoise.Their marriage is very passionate.
Our relationship was a leap from an airplane.The relationship was exciting but frightening.
Our relationship was a leap from an airplane.The relationship was peaceful.
Our relationship was a nap in the woods.The relationship was peaceful.
Our relationship was a nap in the woods.The relationship was exciting but frightening.
The house was as beautiful as a painting.The house was pretty.
The house was as beautiful as a painting.The house was ugly.
The house was as beautiful as a sick bear.The house was ugly.
The house was as beautiful as a sick bear.The house was pretty.
The boy's tongue was as sharp as a scalpel.The boy's speech was incisive.
The boy's tongue was as sharp as a scalpel.The boy's speech was dull.
The boy's tongue was as sharp as beach ball.The boy's speech was dull.
The boy's tongue was as sharp as beach ball.The boy's speech was incisive.
She is as bright as a rusted nail.She is dumb.
She is as bright as a rusted nail.She is smart.
She is as bright as 100watt bulb.She is smart.
She is as bright as 100watt bulb.She is dumb.
The fish is as elusive as a unicorn.It is hard to find.
The fish is as elusive as a unicorn.It is easy to find.
The fish is as elusive as a blowhorn.It is easy to find.
The fish is as elusive as a blowhorn.It is hard to find.
The house was as silent as a locomotive.The house was not silent.
The house was as silent as a locomotive.The house was silent.
The house was as silent as a tomb.The house was silent.
The house was as silent as a tomb.The house was not silent.
The pillow is as soft as cotton.The pillow is soft.
The pillow is as soft as cotton.The pillow is not soft.
The pillow is as soft as a concrete block.The pillow is not soft.
The pillow is as soft as a concrete block.The pillow is soft.
The book was as enjoyable as a day at the fair.The book was enjoyable.
The book was as enjoyable as a day at the fair.The book was not enjoyable.
The book was as enjoyable as a funeral.The book was not enjoyable.
The book was as enjoyable as a funeral.The book was enjoyable.
Dinner was a symphony.The dinner was delightful and full of complex flavors that all worked well together.
Dinner was a symphony.The dinner was boring with little flavor.
Dinner was as flat as a single note played on a recorder.The dinner was boring with little flavor.
Dinner was as flat as a single note played on a recorder.The dinner was delightful and full of complex flavors that all worked well together.
The homework was as difficult as rocket science.The homework was difficult.
The homework was as difficult as rocket science.The homework was simple.
The homework was as difficult as saying your alphabet.The homework was simple.
The homework was as difficult as saying your alphabet.The homework was difficult.
He weighs as much as a thimble.He is very light.
He weighs as much as a thimble.He is very heavy.
He weighs as much as a building.He is very heavy.
He weighs as much as a building.He is very light.
The stove had the heat of the chernobyl power plant right after the meltdown.The stove is very hot.
The stove had the heat of the chernobyl power plant right after the meltdown.The stove is cold.
The stove had the heat of walt disney's cryogenically frozen body.The stove is cold.
The stove had the heat of walt disney's cryogenically frozen body.The stove is very hot.
The computer had the processing power of an android einstein.The computer has a lot of processing power.
The computer had the processing power of an android einstein.The computer has a low amount of processing power.
The computer had the processing power of a deformed dodo clone.The computer has a low amount of processing power.
The computer had the processing power of a deformed dodo clone.The computer has a lot of processing power.
The novel has the morality of a brothel.The novel is immoral.
The novel has the morality of a brothel.The novel is pious.
The novel has the morality of a saint.The novel is pious.
The novel has the morality of a saint.The novel is immoral.
The town has the rules of cinderella's step-mother.The town is very strict and demanding.
The town has the rules of cinderella's step-mother.The town is very lenient in its rules.
The town has the rules of a 60s hippie.The town is very lenient in its rules.
The town has the rules of a 60s hippie.The town is very strict and demanding.
He had the morality of a saint.He was a very moral person.
He had the morality of a saint.He was a very immoral person.
He had the morality of a devil.He was a very immoral person.
He had the morality of a devil.He was a very moral person.
He was as desirable as gold.He was very desirable.
He was as desirable as gold.He was very undesirable.
He was as desirable as the flu.He was very undesirable.
He was as desirable as the flu.He was very desirable.
The soccer team is the london symphony.The soccer team is extremely well-coordinated.
The soccer team is the london symphony.The soccer team is poorly coordinated and chaotic.
The soccer team is a night club.The soccer team is poorly coordinated and chaotic.
The soccer team is a night club.The soccer team is extremely well-coordinated.
His dedication was built out of stone pillars.He was very dedicated.
His dedication was built out of stone pillars.He was not very dedicated.
His dedication was built out of cardboard.He was not very dedicated.
His dedication was built out of cardboard.He was very dedicated.
She ran as fast as a bullet.She ran fast.
She ran as fast as a bullet.She ran slowly.
She ran as fast as a snail.She ran slowly.
She ran as fast as a snail.She ran fast.
His movements were as delicate as a ballerina.His movements were delicate.
His movements were as delicate as a ballerina.His movements were not delicate.
His movements were as delicate as a linebacker.His movements were not delicate.
His movements were as delicate as a linebacker.His movements were delicate.
The light was as bright as a glittering diamond.The light was bright.
The light was as bright as a glittering diamond.The light was not bright.
The light was as bright as an inkspot.The light was not bright.
The light was as bright as an inkspot.The light was bright.
The sprint was graceful as a fat man headed to his favorite all you can eat buffet.The sprint was slow but with a lot of effort.
The sprint was graceful as a fat man headed to his favorite all you can eat buffet.There were many of competitors but the result was known beforehand.
The sprint was as competitive as a vladamir putin election result.There were many of competitors but the result was known beforehand.
The sprint was as competitive as a vladamir putin election result.The sprint was slow but with a lot of effort.
The dinner's calorie count is as high as mount everest.The calorie count was very high.
The dinner's calorie count is as high as mount everest.The calorie count was very low.
The dinner's calorie count is lower than donald trumps poll ratings.The calorie count was very low.
The dinner's calorie count is lower than donald trumps poll ratings.The calorie count was very high.
The team's defense has as many holes in it as a qanon conspiracy theory.The defense is of poor quality.
The team's defense has as many holes in it as a qanon conspiracy theory.The defense did not let the other team through to achieve anything.
The team's defense is better at blocking progress than the senate majority leader.The defense did not let the other team through to achieve anything.
The team's defense is better at blocking progress than the senate majority leader.The defense is of poor quality.
She walked like an elephant.She walked in a clumsy manner.
She walked like an elephant.She walked with grace.
She walked like a ballerina.She walked with grace.
She walked like a ballerina.She walked in a clumsy manner.
The bottle is as clear as an ice cube.The bottle is crystal clear.
The bottle is as clear as an ice cube.The bottle is not clear at all.
The bottle is as clear as sewer water.The bottle is not clear at all.
The bottle is as clear as sewer water.The bottle is crystal clear.
Their relationship to the truth was akin to a pile of old extension cords.They told a lot of lies and got tangled up in them.
Their relationship to the truth was akin to a pile of old extension cords.They told the truth and their story fit together.
Their relationship to the truth was akin to a brand new zipper.They told the truth and their story fit together.
Their relationship to the truth was akin to a brand new zipper.They told a lot of lies and got tangled up in them.
The light given off had the ambiance of a condemned elevator.The light given off was unappealing.
The light given off had the ambiance of a condemned elevator.The light given off was appealing.
The light given off had the ambiance of a conservatory at twilight.The light given off was appealing.
The light given off had the ambiance of a conservatory at twilight.The light given off was unappealing.
His eyes were the color of the night sky.His eyes were blue.
His eyes were the color of the night sky.His eyes were brown.
His eyes were the color of mud.His eyes were brown.
His eyes were the color of mud.His eyes were blue.
The boy is as clever as a fox.The boy is smart.
The boy is as clever as a fox.The boy is dumb.
The boy is as clever as a twig on a tree.The boy is dumb.
The boy is as clever as a twig on a tree.The boy is smart.
The template had the usefulness of a kitchen sink.The template was very useful.
The template had the usefulness of a kitchen sink.The template was totally useless.
The template had the usefulness of window shopping.The template was totally useless.
The template had the usefulness of window shopping.The template was very useful.
That cat has the killer instinct of a velociraptor.The cat was extremely deadly.
That cat has the killer instinct of a velociraptor.The cat was not very deadly.
That cat has the killer instinct of a banana slug.The cat was not very deadly.
That cat has the killer instinct of a banana slug.The cat was extremely deadly.
The stone was as heavy as a feather.The stone is light in weight.
The stone was as heavy as a feather.The stone is very heavy.
The stone was as heavy as a ton of lead.The stone is very heavy.
The stone was as heavy as a ton of lead.The stone is light in weight.
The actors in the play had all the talent of a drunken sailor.The actors are not talented.
The actors in the play had all the talent of a drunken sailor.The actors are very talented.
The actors in the play had all the talent of an academy award winner.The actors are very talented.
The actors in the play had all the talent of an academy award winner.The actors are not talented.
He is sharp like a tack.He is smart.
He is sharp like a tack.He is dumb.
He is sharp like a eraser.He is dumb.
He is sharp like a eraser.He is smart.
The glasses had the dirtiness of a bride on her wedding night.The glasses are pretty dirty.
The glasses had the dirtiness of a bride on her wedding night.The glases are clean.
The glasses had the dirtiness of a bride on her wedding day.The glases are clean.
The glasses had the dirtiness of a bride on her wedding day.The glasses are pretty dirty.
The tofu is as spicy as a hot poker on your tongue.The tofu is super spicy.
The tofu is as spicy as a hot poker on your tongue.The tofu is not spicy at all.
The tofu is as spicy as milk.The tofu is not spicy at all.
The tofu is as spicy as milk.The tofu is super spicy.
In sparring class i got kicked in the head like a horse kick.The kick was hard.
In sparring class i got kicked in the head like a horse kick.The kick was soft.
In sparring class i got kicked in the head like a gnat landing.The kick was soft.
In sparring class i got kicked in the head like a gnat landing.The kick was hard.
The boy is as polite as an inmate at a prison.The boy is mean.
The boy is as polite as an inmate at a prison.The boy is nice.
The boy is as polite as a nun.The boy is nice.
The boy is as polite as a nun.The boy is mean.
The house is as pretty as a dead porcupine.The house is pretty.
The house is as pretty as a dead porcupine.The house is ugly.
The house is as pretty as a sunset.The house is ugly.
The house is as pretty as a sunset.The house is pretty.
The blog post was as long as the amazon river.The blog post was very long.
The blog post was as long as the amazon river.The blog post was very short.
The blog post was as long as a power nap.The blog post was very short.
The blog post was as long as a power nap.The blog post was very long.
This drink has the sweetness of a chocolate coverd caramel.It is very sweet.
This drink has the sweetness of a chocolate coverd caramel.It is fairly bland.
This drink has the sweetness of a piece of white bread.It is fairly bland.
This drink has the sweetness of a piece of white bread.It is very sweet.
The headphones are as loud as a hurricane.The headphones are loud.
The headphones are as loud as a hurricane.The headphones are quiet.
The headphones are as loud as a pin drop.The headphones are quiet.
The headphones are as loud as a pin drop.The headphones are loud.
This boy has the intellect of a bucket of rocks.The boy is stupid.
This boy has the intellect of a bucket of rocks.The boy is a super genius.
This boy has the intellect of 10 of einstein's brains glued together.The boy is a super genius.
This boy has the intellect of 10 of einstein's brains glued together.The boy is stupid.
The cake has the density of a fluffy cloud in heaven.The cake is light and fluffy.
The cake has the density of a fluffy cloud in heaven.The cake is extremely dense.
The cake has the density of a dying star.The cake is extremely dense.
The cake has the density of a dying star.The cake is light and fluffy.
That girl is going places as fast a donkey chasing its tail.She isnt getting anywhere.
That girl is going places as fast a donkey chasing its tail.Shes going quickly.
That girl is going places as fast a rookie at a nascar track.Shes going quickly.
That girl is going places as fast a rookie at a nascar track.She isnt getting anywhere.
That fortune teller is as magical as moonlight.She is talentless.
That fortune teller is as magical as moonlight.Shes good at what she does.
That fortune teller is as magical as harry potter.Shes good at what she does.
That fortune teller is as magical as harry potter.She is talentless.
My boss is as agreeable as a sunday school teacher.My boss is nice.
My boss is as agreeable as a sunday school teacher.My boss is mean.
My boss is as agreeable as rabid wolf.My boss is mean.
My boss is as agreeable as rabid wolf.My boss is nice.
I'm as alert as a guard dog.I'm awake.
I'm as alert as a guard dog.I'm tired.
I'm as alert as a sleeping sloth.I'm tired.
I'm as alert as a sleeping sloth.I'm awake.
He has the physical strength of 20 young lions.He is very strong.
He has the physical strength of 20 young lions.He has little strength.
He has the physical strength of 20 sleeping sloths.He has little strength.
He has the physical strength of 20 sleeping sloths.He is very strong.
The song was as classic as a chocolate chip cookie.The song was a total classic.
The song was as classic as a chocolate chip cookie.The song was really novel.
The song was as classic as freeze-dried ice cream.The song was really novel.
The song was as classic as freeze-dried ice cream.The song was a total classic.
Her range of career options was prix-fixe meal.Her range of career options was narrow.
Her range of career options was prix-fixe meal.She had a lot of career options.
Her range of career options was chinese buffet.She had a lot of career options.
Her range of career options was chinese buffet.Her range of career options was narrow.
The gun was as dangerous as a lion.The gun was dangerous.
The gun was as dangerous as a lion.The gun was harmless.
The gun was as dangerous as a rabbit.The gun was harmless.
The gun was as dangerous as a rabbit.The gun was dangerous.
The car had the reliability of the sun rising.The car works well.
The car had the reliability of the sun rising.The car does not work well.
The car had the reliability of my grandfather's memory.The car does not work well.
The car had the reliability of my grandfather's memory.The car works well.
The runner had the speed of a fired bullet.The runner is fast.
The runner had the speed of a fired bullet.The runner is slow.
The runner had the speed of a box turtle.The runner is slow.
The runner had the speed of a box turtle.The runner is fast.
That girl is as pretty as a pile of dung.That girl is really ugly.
That girl is as pretty as a pile of dung.That girl is beautiful.
That girl is as pretty as flowers blooming in the spring.That girl is beautiful.
That girl is as pretty as flowers blooming in the spring.That girl is really ugly.
The woman had the radiance of a sun-lit meadow.The woman is good looking.
The woman had the radiance of a sun-lit meadow.The woman is not good looking.
The woman had the radiance of a dark alley.The woman is not good looking.
The woman had the radiance of a dark alley.The woman is good looking.
Her dancing companion was as physical as a many-armed gorilla.The companion was clumsy.
Her dancing companion was as physical as a many-armed gorilla.The companion was graceful.
Her dancing companion was as physical as a lithe gelding.The companion was graceful.
Her dancing companion was as physical as a lithe gelding.The companion was clumsy.
The drawing was as round as a globe.The drawing was round.
The drawing was as round as a globe.The drawing was not round at all, and in fact was square.
The drawing was as round as a block.The drawing was not round at all, and in fact was square.
The drawing was as round as a block.The drawing was round.
Her photography had the beauty of a painting.Her photos were beautiful.
Her photography had the beauty of a painting.Her photos were ugly.
Her photography had the beauty of a garbage truck.Her photos were ugly.
Her photography had the beauty of a garbage truck.Her photos were beautiful.
The floor was firm as a board.The floor was firm.
The floor was firm as a board.The floor was unsteady.
The floor was firm as mud.The floor was unsteady.
The floor was firm as mud.The floor was firm.
I could eat as much as the whole world.I am very hungry.
I could eat as much as the whole world.I am not very hungry.
I could eat as much as a crumb.I am not very hungry.
I could eat as much as a crumb.I am very hungry.
He has the social skills of a squirrel.He is not sociable.
He has the social skills of a squirrel.He is extremely sociable.
He has the social skills of a talk-show host.He is extremely sociable.
He has the social skills of a talk-show host.He is not sociable.
She dresses like a trash can.She dresses horribly.
She dresses like a trash can.She dresses nice.
She dresses like a princess.She dresses nice.
She dresses like a princess.She dresses horribly.
The juice box have the stickiness of a spider web covered in honey.The juice box is sticky.
The juice box have the stickiness of a spider web covered in honey.The juice box isn't very sticky.
The juice box have the stickiness of 10-year-old fly trap paper.The juice box isn't very sticky.
The juice box have the stickiness of 10-year-old fly trap paper.The juice box is sticky.
She's about as hot as a supermodel.She is very good-looking.
She's about as hot as a supermodel.She is not good looking.
She's about as hot as a mangy dog.She is not good looking.
She's about as hot as a mangy dog.She is very good-looking.
My truck is as fast as lightning.My truck is very fast.
My truck is as fast as lightning.My truck is very slow.
My truck is as fast as a slug.My truck is very slow.
My truck is as fast as a slug.My truck is very fast.
The lightbulb puts out as much light as the sun.The lightbulb puts out a lot of light.
The lightbulb puts out as much light as the sun.The lightbulb does not put out any light.
The lightbulb puts out as much light as a rock.The lightbulb does not put out any light.
The lightbulb puts out as much light as a rock.The lightbulb puts out a lot of light.
He treats her heart like a piata.He breaks her heart.
He treats her heart like a piata.He is careful about guarding her heart.
He treats her heart like glass.He is careful about guarding her heart.
He treats her heart like glass.He breaks her heart.
The girl liked her men to be as fancy as louis vuitton.The girl liked her men to be very fancy.
The girl liked her men to be as fancy as louis vuitton.The girl liked her men to be very plain.
The girl liked her men to be as fancy as dollar general.The girl liked her men to be very plain.
The girl liked her men to be as fancy as dollar general.The girl liked her men to be very fancy.
The student's face was a volcanic field.The student's face was bumpy.
The student's face was a volcanic field.The student's face was smooth.
The student's face was a sheet of ice.The student's face was smooth.
The student's face was a sheet of ice.The student's face was bumpy.
This job is a field of flowers.The job is easy and nice.
This job is a field of flowers.The job is brutal and difficult.
This job is a hammer to the knees.The job is brutal and difficult.
This job is a hammer to the knees.The job is easy and nice.
The guest speaker has the knowledge of an amoeba.The guest speaker is dumb.
The guest speaker has the knowledge of an amoeba.The guest speaker is brilliant.
The guest speaker has the knowledge of an einstein.The guest speaker is brilliant.
The guest speaker has the knowledge of an einstein.The guest speaker is dumb.
The doctor has the bedside manner of an ice cube.The doctor is unpleasant.
The doctor has the bedside manner of an ice cube.The doctor is personable.
The doctor has the bedside manner of an electric blanket.The doctor is personable.
The doctor has the bedside manner of an electric blanket.The doctor is unpleasant.
The woman packed away as much food as a sprinter moments before a race.The woman ate very little.
The woman packed away as much food as a sprinter moments before a race.The woman ate a lot.
The woman packed away as much food as a marathoner after a race.The woman ate a lot.
The woman packed away as much food as a marathoner after a race.The woman ate very little.
The tacos were as authentic as colombian coffee.The tacos were very authentic.
The tacos were as authentic as colombian coffee.The tacos were americanized.
The tacos were as authentic as fortune cookies.The tacos were americanized.
The tacos were as authentic as fortune cookies.The tacos were very authentic.
He's hiding his dismay like a toddler hides himself.He's hiding his dismay badly.
He's hiding his dismay like a toddler hides himself.He's hiding his dismay well.
He's hiding his dismay like an illusionist hides a coin.He's hiding his dismay well.
He's hiding his dismay like an illusionist hides a coin.He's hiding his dismay badly.
Reality is a will-o'-the-wisp.Reality is ephemeral.
Reality is a will-o'-the-wisp.Reality is solid and there.
Reality is the ground beneath our feet.Reality is solid and there.
Reality is the ground beneath our feet.Reality is ephemeral.
The man runs faster than a tick on a cheetah.The man runs very fast.
The man runs faster than a tick on a cheetah.The man runs very slow.
The man runs faster than a snail on its back.The man runs very slow.
The man runs faster than a snail on its back.The man runs very fast.
The book was found to be more interesting than fireworks in a desert at night.The book was interesting to read.
The book was found to be more interesting than fireworks in a desert at night.The book was not interesting to read.
The book was found to be less interesting than sprinklers turned on in the rain.The book was not interesting to read.
The book was found to be less interesting than sprinklers turned on in the rain.The book was interesting to read.
The screen play contained the reality of a children's fantasy novel.The screen play wasn't realistic.
The screen play contained the reality of a children's fantasy novel.The screen play was very factual.
The screen play contained the reality of a history book.The screen play was very factual.
The screen play contained the reality of a history book.The screen play wasn't realistic.
The testimony of the defendant was like a child caught in the cookie jar.The defendant's testimony was phony.
The testimony of the defendant was like a child caught in the cookie jar.The defendant's testimony was truthful.
The testimony of the defendant was like an iron wall of truth.The defendant's testimony was truthful.
The testimony of the defendant was like an iron wall of truth.The defendant's testimony was phony.
His words are taken with a grain of salt.His words are met with skepticism.
His words are taken with a grain of salt.His words are thought to be valuable.
His words are treated like gold.His words are thought to be valuable.
His words are treated like gold.His words are met with skepticism.
When he hid, he became a mouse.He could hide very well.
When he hid, he became a mouse.He could not hide very well.
When he hid, he became an elephant.He could not hide very well.
When he hid, he became an elephant.He could hide very well.
The room was as empty as a hole.The room was totally empty.
The room was as empty as a hole.The room was packed.
The room was as empty as six flags in the summer.The room was packed.
The room was as empty as six flags in the summer.The room was totally empty.
The man slept like a baby.The man slept well.
The man slept like a baby.The man had trouble sleeping.
The man slept like a caffeinated insomniac.The man had trouble sleeping.
The man slept like a caffeinated insomniac.The man slept well.
The man's skin was as thick as steel.The man was thick-skinned.
The man's skin was as thick as steel.The man was thin-skinned.
The man's skin was as thick as paper.The man was thin-skinned.
The man's skin was as thick as paper.The man was thick-skinned.
The fly is fingernails on a chalkboard.The fly is annoying.
The fly is fingernails on a chalkboard.The fly isn't annoying.
The fly is a warm blanket.The fly isn't annoying.
The fly is a warm blanket.The fly is annoying.
His hair is black hole.His hair is black.
His hair is black hole.His hair is white.
His hair is milk.His hair is white.
His hair is milk.His hair is black.
My wife gets me harder than seven bags of quick dry concrete.My wife makes me want to have sex really bad.
My wife gets me harder than seven bags of quick dry concrete.My wife makes me not want to have sex.
My wife gets me harder than a bowl of chocolate pudding.My wife makes me not want to have sex.
My wife gets me harder than a bowl of chocolate pudding.My wife makes me want to have sex really bad.
The meal was as sumptuous as a thanksgiving buffet.The meal was rich.
The meal was as sumptuous as a thanksgiving buffet.The meal was plain.
The meal was as sumptuous as a brown bag lunch.The meal was plain.
The meal was as sumptuous as a brown bag lunch.The meal was rich.
The child ate with the enthusiasm of an anorexic.The child picked at his food.
The child ate with the enthusiasm of an anorexic.The child ate hungrily.
The child ate with the enthusiasm of a beggar.The child ate hungrily.
The child ate with the enthusiasm of a beggar.The child picked at his food.
The book has the depth of an ice cube.The book is not unique.
The book has the depth of an ice cube.The book was fantastic.
The book has the depth of the sky.The book was fantastic.
The book has the depth of the sky.The book is not unique.
The painting has as many colors as a black hole.The painting is bland.
The painting has as many colors as a black hole.The painting is vibrant and beatiful.
The painting has as many colors as an autumn forest.The painting is vibrant and beatiful.
The painting has as many colors as an autumn forest.The painting is bland.
The parking lot is a mall.The parking lot is full.
The parking lot is a mall.The parking lot is empty.
The parking lot is an abandoned stadium.The parking lot is empty.
The parking lot is an abandoned stadium.The parking lot is full.
The movie theater is a mall.The movie theater is full.
The movie theater is a mall.The movie theater is empty.
The movie theater is an abandoned hotel.The movie theater is empty.
The movie theater is an abandoned hotel.The movie theater is full.
The steak has the texture of a diamond.The steak is hard.
The steak has the texture of a diamond.The steak is soft.
The steak has the texture of silk.The steak is soft.
The steak has the texture of silk.The steak is hard.
The houses are selling like popeyes spicy chicken sandwich.Yh he houses are selling quickly.
The houses are selling like popeyes spicy chicken sandwich.The houses are selling slowly because the conditions are bad.
The houses are selling like snow cones on a snowy day.The houses are selling slowly because the conditions are bad.
The houses are selling like snow cones on a snowy day.Yh he houses are selling quickly.
My puppy has the energy of an octogenarian librarian.My puppy doesn't have a lot of energy.
My puppy has the energy of an octogenarian librarian.My puppy has a lot of energy.
My puppy has the energy of an all night rave.My puppy has a lot of energy.
My puppy has the energy of an all night rave.My puppy doesn't have a lot of energy.
I found her to be as interesting as eating oatmeal.She was not interesting.
I found her to be as interesting as eating oatmeal.She was very interesting.
I found her to be as interesting as a naked lady in a basket weaving contest.She was very interesting.
I found her to be as interesting as a naked lady in a basket weaving contest.She was not interesting.
Those peppers i ate were as hot as satan's toenails.The peppers were extremely hot.
Those peppers i ate were as hot as satan's toenails.The peppers were not hot at all.
Those peppers i ate were as hot as an old sock.The peppers were not hot at all.
Those peppers i ate were as hot as an old sock.The peppers were extremely hot.
The students thought the assignment was like reading a pop magazine.The assignment was enaging.
The students thought the assignment was like reading a pop magazine.The assignment was dry.
The students thought the assignment was like reading a dictionary.The assignment was dry.
The students thought the assignment was like reading a dictionary.The assignment was enaging.
The student has a brain of a fruit fly.The student is dumb.
The student has a brain of a fruit fly.The student is smart.
The student has a brain of a sperm whale.The student is smart.
The student has a brain of a sperm whale.The student is dumb.
The wife has the appearance of an evil witch.The wife is ugly.
The wife has the appearance of an evil witch.The wife is beautiful.
The wife has the appearance of a majestic queen.The wife is beautiful.
The wife has the appearance of a majestic queen.The wife is ugly.
The mirror is a bed of rocks.The mirror is bumpy.
The mirror is a bed of rocks.The mirror is smooth.
The mirror is an ice rink.The mirror is smooth.
The mirror is an ice rink.The mirror is bumpy.
The truck has as much towing power as a rhinoceros.The truck is powerful.
The truck has as much towing power as a rhinoceros.The truck is weak.
The truck has as much towing power as a tricycle.The truck is weak.
The truck has as much towing power as a tricycle.The truck is powerful.
Camping in the woods is as much fun as traffic.Camping is stressful.
Camping in the woods is as much fun as traffic.Camping is relaxing.
Camping in the woods is as much fun as bubble wrap.Camping is relaxing.
Camping in the woods is as much fun as bubble wrap.Camping is stressful.
His head is as big as a planet.His head is large.
His head is as big as a planet.His head is small.
His head is as big as a push pin.His head is small.
His head is as big as a push pin.His head is large.
He has the health of a race winning horse.His health is good.
He has the health of a race winning horse.His health is poor.
He has the health of a woolly mammoth.His health is poor.
He has the health of a woolly mammoth.His health is good.
The tree has the height of the burj khalifa.The tree is extremely tall.
The tree has the height of the burj khalifa.The tree is short.
The tree has the height of a baby teacup poodle.The tree is short.
The tree has the height of a baby teacup poodle.The tree is extremely tall.
The soda has the carbonation of a kid blowing into a cup with a straw.The soda has a lot of carbonation.
The soda has the carbonation of a kid blowing into a cup with a straw.The soda is flat.
The soda has the carbonation of a crepe dinner.The soda is flat.
The soda has the carbonation of a crepe dinner.The soda has a lot of carbonation.
Her fingernails were brittle like stale bread.Her fingernails were brittle.
Her fingernails were brittle like stale bread.Her fingernails were not brittle.
Her fingernails were brittle like diamonds.Her fingernails were not brittle.
Her fingernails were brittle like diamonds.Her fingernails were brittle.
His soul was a black hole.His soul was evil.
His soul was a black hole.His soul was good.
His soul was heavenly.His soul was good.
His soul was heavenly.His soul was evil.
She was a suitcase ready to be opened.She was extroverted.
She was a suitcase ready to be opened.She was introverted.
She was a locked treasure chest.She was introverted.
She was a locked treasure chest.She was extroverted.
The book's message is as meaningful as a family heirloom.The book's message has profound meaning.
The book's message is as meaningful as a family heirloom.The book's message has no meaning.
The book's message is as meaningful as junkyard finds.The book's message has no meaning.
The book's message is as meaningful as junkyard finds.The book's message has profound meaning.
He can run like a fugitive.He can run really fast.
He can run like a fugitive.He cannot run really fast.
He can run like an eighty-year old man.He cannot run really fast.
He can run like an eighty-year old man.He can run really fast.
My phone buzzes like a bee.My phone is busy.
My phone buzzes like a bee.My phone is quiet.
My phone buzzes like a statue.My phone is quiet.
My phone buzzes like a statue.My phone is busy.
The stick had the brittleness of the bones of an 80 year old woman who never drank milk.The stick is very brittle.
The stick had the brittleness of the bones of an 80 year old woman who never drank milk.The stick is strong.
The stick had the brittleness of the diamonds core of an exotic star.The stick is strong.
The stick had the brittleness of the diamonds core of an exotic star.The stick is very brittle.
Her perfume lingered like a mangy dog.Her perfume lingered heavily and smelled bad.
Her perfume lingered like a mangy dog.Her perfume lingered lightly and smelled good.
Her perfume lingered like a fairy.Her perfume lingered lightly and smelled good.
Her perfume lingered like a fairy.Her perfume lingered heavily and smelled bad.
That old machine is as useful as an udder on a bull.The machine is useless.
That old machine is as useful as an udder on a bull.The machine does a great job.
That old machine is as useful as new machines.The machine does a great job.
That old machine is as useful as new machines.The machine is useless.
He had the depth of a bathtub.He was shallow.
He had the depth of a bathtub.He was deep.
He had the depth of the sea.He was deep.
He had the depth of the sea.He was shallow.
The sky was a piece of onyx.The night sky was black.
The sky was a piece of onyx.The sky was white.
The sky was an opal.The sky was white.
The sky was an opal.The night sky was black.
The movie was as funny as a book of knock-knock jokes.The movie wasn't really funny.
The movie was as funny as a book of knock-knock jokes.The movie was hilarious.
The movie was as funny as a standup comedy show.The movie was hilarious.
The movie was as funny as a standup comedy show.The movie wasn't really funny.
The fence has the rust of an old nail.The fence is very rusty.
The fence has the rust of an old nail.The fence is not rusty.
The fence has the rust of a diamond.The fence is not rusty.
The fence has the rust of a diamond.The fence is very rusty.
She's as cultured as champagne.She is very cultured.
She's as cultured as champagne.She isn't cultured at all.
She's as cultured as a bud-light.She isn't cultured at all.
She's as cultured as a bud-light.She is very cultured.
Her tastes are more ferrari than backyard junker.Her tastes are extremely expensive.
Her tastes are more ferrari than backyard junker.Her tastes are cheap.
Her tastes are more backyard junker than ferrari.Her tastes are cheap.
Her tastes are more backyard junker than ferrari.Her tastes are extremely expensive.
The quarterback was throwing straight surface-to-air missiles.He throws far.
The quarterback was throwing straight surface-to-air missiles.He can't throw very well.
The quarterback was throwing straight duds.He can't throw very well.
The quarterback was throwing straight duds.He throws far.
His argument was like a shadow.His argument had no substance.
His argument was like a shadow.His argument was felt.
His argument was like a chiropractor.His argument was felt.
His argument was like a chiropractor.His argument had no substance.
The day was like a news clip.The day went by fast.
The day was like a news clip.The day was really long.
The day was like the pan-american highway.The day was really long.
The day was like the pan-american highway.The day went by fast.
The meeting was as solemn as sunday morning mass.The meeting had a tone of seriousness.
The meeting was as solemn as sunday morning mass.The meeting had a tone of unseriousness.
The meeting was as solemn as a college football game.The meeting had a tone of unseriousness.
The meeting was as solemn as a college football game.The meeting had a tone of seriousness.
The restaurant experience was like a stately dinner.The restaurant experience was upper-class.
The restaurant experience was like a stately dinner.The restaurant experience was homely and down-to-earth.
The restaurant experience was like a dinner at grandma's on the weekend.The restaurant experience was homely and down-to-earth.
The restaurant experience was like a dinner at grandma's on the weekend.The restaurant experience was upper-class.
The lawyer was as humble as icarus.The lawyer was showy and greatly believed in himself beyond reason.
The lawyer was as humble as icarus.The lawyer was unassuming and had a gentle disposition.
The lawyer was as humble as an ancient monk.The lawyer was unassuming and had a gentle disposition.
The lawyer was as humble as an ancient monk.The lawyer was showy and greatly believed in himself beyond reason.
The bike tires have the sturdiness of a vanilla wafer.The bike tires are flimsy.
The bike tires have the sturdiness of a vanilla wafer.The bike tires are well built.
The bike tires have the sturdiness of atlas.The bike tires are well built.
The bike tires have the sturdiness of atlas.The bike tires are flimsy.
The lake is a wave pool.The lake is choppy.
The lake is a wave pool.The lake is calm.
The lake is a sheet of glass.The lake is calm.
The lake is a sheet of glass.The lake is choppy.
The ocean is a sheet of ice.The ocean is smooth.
The ocean is a sheet of ice.The ocean is choppy.
The ocean is a bed of rocks.The ocean is choppy.
The ocean is a bed of rocks.The ocean is smooth.
The tv show has the depth of a toilet.The tv show is shallow.
The tv show has the depth of a toilet.The tv show is cerebral.
The tv show has the depth of the dead sea.The tv show is cerebral.
The tv show has the depth of the dead sea.The tv show is shallow.
She was as flaky as wood shavings.She was extremely flaky.
She was as flaky as wood shavings.She wasn't flaky at all.
She was as flaky as steel.She wasn't flaky at all.
She was as flaky as steel.She was extremely flaky.
The book is an complex as the night sky.The book is very complicated.
The book is an complex as the night sky.The book is easy to understand.
The book is an complex as a children's puzzle.The book is easy to understand.
The book is an complex as a children's puzzle.The book is very complicated.
Driving in this fog was like moving in quicksand.The fog was thick.
Driving in this fog was like moving in quicksand.The fog was thin.
Driving in this fog was like a photon travelling in empty space.The fog was thin.
Driving in this fog was like a photon travelling in empty space.The fog was thick.
When she hustles, she looks like a transformer.She hustles cumbersomely.
When she hustles, she looks like a transformer.She hustles gracefully.
When she hustles, she looks like a gazelle.She hustles gracefully.
When she hustles, she looks like a gazelle.She hustles cumbersomely.
He's as transparent as a window.He is easy to read.
He's as transparent as a window.He is not easy to read.
He's as transparent as a sandstorm.He is not easy to read.
He's as transparent as a sandstorm.He is easy to read.
That movie was as long as a prison sentence.The movie was really long.
That movie was as long as a prison sentence.The movie was really short.
That movie was as long as a fifty-yard dash.The movie was really short.
That movie was as long as a fifty-yard dash.The movie was really long.
The fog has the thickness of a heavy woman's thighs.The fog is thick.
The fog has the thickness of a heavy woman's thighs.The fog is thin.
The fog has the thickness of christian bale in the machinist.The fog is thin.
The fog has the thickness of christian bale in the machinist.The fog is thick.
The show has all the cancelations of the simpsons.The show has never been canceled.
The show has all the cancelations of the simpsons.The show has been canceled many times.
The show has all the cancelations of futurama.The show has been canceled many times.
The show has all the cancelations of futurama.The show has never been canceled.
Her emotional resilience was as sturdy as glass.She was not emotionally resilient at all.
Her emotional resilience was as sturdy as glass.She had a lot of emotional resilience.
Her emotional resilience was as sturdy as spider silk.She had a lot of emotional resilience.
Her emotional resilience was as sturdy as spider silk.She was not emotionally resilient at all.
Her poem is a business contract.Her poem is boring.
Her poem is a business contract.Her poem is exciting.
Her poem is a literal manifesto.Her poem is exciting.
Her poem is a literal manifesto.Her poem is boring.
This computer moves like an obese person in an electric scooter.The computer is slow.
This computer moves like an obese person in an electric scooter.The computer is very fast.
This computer moves like a race car.The computer is very fast.
This computer moves like a race car.The computer is slow.
The mother has the kindness of santa's wife.The mother is giving.
The mother has the kindness of santa's wife.The mother is mean.
The mother has the kindness of a praying mantis.The mother is mean.
The mother has the kindness of a praying mantis.The mother is giving.
The student has the insight of a librarian.The student is smart.
The student has the insight of a librarian.The student is unwise.
The student has the insight of a goose.The student is unwise.
The student has the insight of a goose.The student is smart.
That thing is as valuable as jeff bezos's bank account.The item is extremely valuable.
That thing is as valuable as jeff bezos's bank account.The item is not valuable at all.
That thing is as valuable as an empty beer can.The item is not valuable at all.
That thing is as valuable as an empty beer can.The item is extremely valuable.
Her boss is a grizzly.Her boss is aggressive and mean.
Her boss is a grizzly.Her boss is docile.
Her boss is a goldfish.Her boss is docile.
Her boss is a goldfish.Her boss is aggressive and mean.
His position on the platform was like a jenga tower.His position was not stable.
His position on the platform was like a jenga tower.His position was firm.
His position on the platform was like a house with a stable platform.His position was firm.
His position on the platform was like a house with a stable platform.His position was not stable.
The gorilla has the strength of a giant, mutant ant.The gorilla is strong.
The gorilla has the strength of a giant, mutant ant.The gorilla is weak.
The gorilla has the strength of a sick, old man.The gorilla is weak.
The gorilla has the strength of a sick, old man.The gorilla is strong.
His feet were as big as a basketball player's.His feet were very big.
His feet were as big as a basketball player's.His feet were small.
His feet were as big as an adolescent child.His feet were small.
His feet were as big as an adolescent child.His feet were very big.
The gift i received was as welcomed as blessing from god.The gift was well-received and deemed beneficial to the receiver.
The gift i received was as welcomed as blessing from god.The gift was not well-received or deemed beneficial to the receiver.
The gift i received was as welcomed as curse from satan.The gift was not well-received or deemed beneficial to the receiver.
The gift i received was as welcomed as curse from satan.The gift was well-received and deemed beneficial to the receiver.
The man was as ambitious as an astrophysicist.The man set ambitious goals for himself.
The man was as ambitious as an astrophysicist.The man lacked ambition.
The man was as ambitious as a custodian.The man lacked ambition.
The man was as ambitious as a custodian.The man set ambitious goals for himself.
The marriage is as good as a fresh out of the oven bagel.They have an awesome marriage.
The marriage is as good as a fresh out of the oven bagel.Their marriage is horrible.
The marriage is as good as a month old banana.Their marriage is horrible.
The marriage is as good as a month old banana.They have an awesome marriage.
His mother's voice seemed a splinter.His mother's voice was annoying/agitating.
His mother's voice seemed a splinter.His mother's voice was soothing/calming.
His mother's voice seemed a salve.His mother's voice was soothing/calming.
His mother's voice seemed a salve.His mother's voice was annoying/agitating.
The book was as exciting as noam chomsky on qualudes.The book was boring.
The book was as exciting as noam chomsky on qualudes.The book was gripping.
The book was as exciting as winning the lottery the day you first got laid.The book was gripping.
The book was as exciting as winning the lottery the day you first got laid.The book was boring.
The preschool teacher was a grim reaper.The preschool teacher was dour.
The preschool teacher was a grim reaper.The preschool teacher was funny.
The preschool teacher was a clown.The preschool teacher was funny.
The preschool teacher was a clown.The preschool teacher was dour.
The chemist was a lumberjack.The chemist was sloppy.
The chemist was a lumberjack.The chemist was careful.
The chemist was an artist.The chemist was careful.
The chemist was an artist.The chemist was sloppy.
I could devour that book as if it was a slice of my favorite pizza.The book is interesting.
I could devour that book as if it was a slice of my favorite pizza.The book is dull.
I could devour that book as if it was a shoe sole.The book is dull.
I could devour that book as if it was a shoe sole.The book is interesting.
This novel reads like poetry.The book has beautiful language.
This novel reads like poetry.The book is really boring writing.
This novel reads like a shopping list.The book is really boring writing.
This novel reads like a shopping list.The book has beautiful language.
That man has skin made of titanium.That man isn't very sensitive.
That man has skin made of titanium.That man is very sensitive.
That man has skin made of tissue paper.That man is very sensitive.
That man has skin made of tissue paper.That man isn't very sensitive.
That girl has the depth of a toilet.That girl is vain.
That girl has the depth of a toilet.That girl is profound.
That girl has the depth of a diving pool.That girl is profound.
That girl has the depth of a diving pool.That girl is vain.
The woman has the skin of a cat's tongue.That woman has rough skin.
The woman has the skin of a cat's tongue.That woman has smooth skin.
The woman has the skin of mirror.That woman has smooth skin.
The woman has the skin of mirror.That woman has rough skin.
The child's singing voice sounded like madonna's.The child's singing voice was excellent.
The child's singing voice sounded like madonna's.The child's singing voice was poor.
The child's singing voice sounded like a scratchy violin.The child's singing voice was poor.
The child's singing voice sounded like a scratchy violin.The child's singing voice was excellent.
He had as much money as a tent dweller.He had no money.
He had as much money as a tent dweller.He had a lot of money.
He had as much money as a mansion dweller.He had a lot of money.
He had as much money as a mansion dweller.He had no money.
The group were as collaborative as a bunch of monkeys.They didnt work well together.
The group were as collaborative as a bunch of monkeys.They worked well together.
The group were as collaborative as well oiled gears.They worked well together.
The group were as collaborative as well oiled gears.They didnt work well together.
The display was bright as the sun.It was really bright.
The display was bright as the sun.It was really dull.
The display was bright as a new moon.It was really dull.
The display was bright as a new moon.It was really bright.
The novel was as deep as a kiddie pool.It had no meaning.
The novel was as deep as a kiddie pool.It had meaning.
The novel was as deep as the great sea.It had meaning.
The novel was as deep as the great sea.It had no meaning.
She had the swimming ability of a mermaid.She was a good swimmer.
She had the swimming ability of a mermaid.She was a bad swimmer.
She had the swimming ability of a boulder.She was a bad swimmer.
She had the swimming ability of a boulder.She was a good swimmer.
This game is as hard as doing 1000 push ups.The game is very hard.
This game is as hard as doing 1000 push ups.The game is very easy.
This game is as hard as brushing my teeth.The game is very easy.
This game is as hard as brushing my teeth.The game is very hard.
Her eyes were as sparkly as ocean water.Her eyes were pretty.
Her eyes were as sparkly as ocean water.They weren't very pretty.
Her eyes were as sparkly as mud.They weren't very pretty.
Her eyes were as sparkly as mud.Her eyes were pretty.
She has the reality bending power of dr. manhattan from watchmen.She has great reality bending powers.
She has the reality bending power of dr. manhattan from watchmen.She has no ability to bend reality.
She has the reality bending power of nite owl from watchmen.She has no ability to bend reality.
She has the reality bending power of nite owl from watchmen.She has great reality bending powers.
The new hollywood movie has the intensity of a rollercoaster.The new hollywood movie is very intense.
The new hollywood movie has the intensity of a rollercoaster.The new hollywood movie is dull.
The new hollywood movie has the intensity of an evening with grandma.The new hollywood movie is dull.
The new hollywood movie has the intensity of an evening with grandma.The new hollywood movie is very intense.
Hollywood has the depth of a puddle.Hollywood is shallow.
Hollywood has the depth of a puddle.Hollywood is profound.
Hollywood has the depth of a skyscraper.Hollywood is profound.
Hollywood has the depth of a skyscraper.Hollywood is shallow.
The man has a height of a mouse.The man is very short.
The man has a height of a mouse.The man is tall.
The man has a height of a skyscraper.The man is tall.
The man has a height of a skyscraper.The man is very short.
The mother was as controlling as a navy captain.The mother was a very controlling person.
The mother was as controlling as a navy captain.The mother had a very loose parenting style.
The mother was as controlling as a babysitter yakking on her cell phone.The mother had a very loose parenting style.
The mother was as controlling as a babysitter yakking on her cell phone.The mother was a very controlling person.
He's as free as a released prisoner.He's very free.
He's as free as a released prisoner.He's not free at all.
He's as free as a death-row inmate.He's not free at all.
He's as free as a death-row inmate.He's very free.
Hollywood is as genuine as silk.Hollywood is the real deal.
Hollywood is as genuine as silk.Hollywood is fake.
Hollywood is as genuine as rayon.Hollywood is fake.
Hollywood is as genuine as rayon.Hollywood is the real deal.
Jake was floating on the lake like dandelion seeds floating in the air.Jake was floating like he was weightless.
Jake was floating on the lake like dandelion seeds floating in the air.Jake was too heavy to float.
Jake was floating on the lake like concrete shoes.Jake was too heavy to float.
Jake was floating on the lake like concrete shoes.Jake was floating like he was weightless.
Life is as easy as kindergarten for a high school senior.Life is basic.
Life is as easy as kindergarten for a high school senior.Life is beyond comprehension.
Life is as easy as kindergarten for a newborn.Life is beyond comprehension.
Life is as easy as kindergarten for a newborn.Life is basic.
She was as sweet as the days are long.She is very sweet.
She was as sweet as the days are long.She isn't sweet at all.
She was as sweet as vinegar.She isn't sweet at all.
She was as sweet as vinegar.She is very sweet.
He's as deep as a puddle.He doesn't have a lot of insight.
He's as deep as a puddle.He has a great deal of insight.
He's as deep as the sea.He has a great deal of insight.
He's as deep as the sea.He doesn't have a lot of insight.
My aunt has a heart of gold.My aunt is very generous, loving.
My aunt has a heart of gold.My aunt is very cold, stoic.
My aunt has a heart of steel.My aunt is very cold, stoic.
My aunt has a heart of steel.My aunt is very generous, loving.
The mean girl has the depth of a kiddie pool.The mean girl is superficial.
The mean girl has the depth of a kiddie pool.The mean girl is deep.
The mean girl has the depth of the sea.The mean girl is deep.
The mean girl has the depth of the sea.The mean girl is superficial.
The actor is a yeti.The actor is hairy.
The actor is a yeti.The actor is hairless.
The actor is a baby's bottom.The actor is hairless.
The actor is a baby's bottom.The actor is hairy.
The girl was as short as the eiffel tower.The girl was tall.
The girl was as short as the eiffel tower.The girl was very short.
The girl was as short as a second.The girl was very short.
The girl was as short as a second.The girl was tall.
The man's heart was as big as the sea.The man had endless love.
The man's heart was as big as the sea.The man was stingy about his love.
The man's heart was as big as a pea.The man was stingy about his love.
The man's heart was as big as a pea.The man had endless love.
The boy's voice was as loud as a ship's whistle.The boy's voice was obnoxiously loud.
The boy's voice was as loud as a ship's whistle.The boy's voice couldn't be heard.
The boy's voice was as loud as a fish.The boy's voice couldn't be heard.
The boy's voice was as loud as a fish.The boy's voice was obnoxiously loud.
They left town like a jet.They left town quickly.
They left town like a jet.They left town slowly.
They left town like a herd of turtles.They left town slowly.
They left town like a herd of turtles.They left town quickly.
It had the consistency of water.It was liquid.
It had the consistency of water.It was solid.
It had the consistency of concrete.It was solid.
It had the consistency of concrete.It was liquid.
Living in a city is like living with metal trees.Is not natural or close to nature.
Living in a city is like living with metal trees.City life is easy and comfortable.
Living in a city is like a walk along the lake shore.City life is easy and comfortable.
Living in a city is like a walk along the lake shore.Is not natural or close to nature.
Life is like skydiving.You would find fear followed by excitement and happiness if we navigate through life properly.
Life is like skydiving.Need to have the right balance.
Life is like cycling.Need to have the right balance.
Life is like cycling.You would find fear followed by excitement and happiness if we navigate through life properly.
Your career is like a flowing river.It's a journey with lots of obstacles that you need to overcome to reach your  goals.
Your career is like a flowing river.Down falls in career would follow with quick rise ups with hard work.
Your career is like a roller coaster ride.Down falls in career would follow with quick rise ups with hard work.
Your career is like a roller coaster ride.It's a journey with lots of obstacles that you need to overcome to reach your  goals.
He ate like a horse.He ate a lot.
He ate like a horse.He barely ate at all.
He ate like a bird.He barely ate at all.
He ate like a bird.He ate a lot.
The groups are as separate as berlin during the cold war.The groups are apart from each other.
The groups are as separate as berlin during the cold war.The groups are different from each other but together enough to add strength to each other.
The groups are as separate as strands of yarn.The groups are different from each other but together enough to add strength to each other.
The groups are as separate as strands of yarn.The groups are apart from each other.
When you are in a slump focus on first base.Just do the first part of your goal.
When you are in a slump focus on first base.Stop and look at life.
When you are in a slump focus on the roses.Stop and look at life.
When you are in a slump focus on the roses.Just do the first part of your goal.
The girl's engagement ring sparkled like new year's eve confetti.The girl's engagement ring was very shiny.
The girl's engagement ring sparkled like new year's eve confetti.The girl's engagement ring was really dull.
The girl's engagement ring sparkled like a block of lead.The girl's engagement ring was really dull.
The girl's engagement ring sparkled like a block of lead.The girl's engagement ring was very shiny.
He's as fun as a party.He's fun.
He's as fun as a party.He's boring.
He's as fun as watching paint dry.He's boring.
He's as fun as watching paint dry.He's fun.
He has eyes like a hawk.He sees well.
He has eyes like a hawk.He can't see well.
He has eyes like a bat.He can't see well.
He has eyes like a bat.He sees well.
He's as lenient as a prison guard.He's not lenient at all.
He's as lenient as a prison guard.He's very lenient.
He's as lenient as a dad trying to win his kids' love.He's very lenient.
He's as lenient as a dad trying to win his kids' love.He's not lenient at all.
He keeps time like a stopwatch.He keeps time really well.
He keeps time like a stopwatch.He doesn't keep time that well.
He keeps time like a three-year old on sugar.He doesn't keep time that well.
He keeps time like a three-year old on sugar.He keeps time really well.
The country has all the enemies of a wounded seal in shark infested waters.The country has many enemies.
The country has all the enemies of a wounded seal in shark infested waters.The country has few enemies.
The country has all the enemies of mister rogers.The country has few enemies.
The country has all the enemies of mister rogers.The country has many enemies.
That dog has the fur of a naked mole rat.The dog is bald.
That dog has the fur of a naked mole rat.The dog is fluffy.
That dog has the fur of a lion's mane.The dog is fluffy.
That dog has the fur of a lion's mane.The dog is bald.
The baby is as loud as a whisper.The baby is quiet.
The baby is as loud as a whisper.The baby makes a lot of noise.
The baby is as loud as a foghorn.The baby makes a lot of noise.
The baby is as loud as a foghorn.The baby is quiet.
Honesty is a down comforter for one's conscience.Honesty creates a clear conscience.
Honesty is a down comforter for one's conscience.Honesty restricts ambition.
Honesty is a burden on one's ambitions.Honesty restricts ambition.
Honesty is a burden on one's ambitions.Honesty creates a clear conscience.
The car had the speed of zeus chasing a pretty young maiden.Fast like a god hitting on a girl.
The car had the speed of zeus chasing a pretty young maiden.The car had to be going slow.
The car had the speed of a street sign in a school zone.The car had to be going slow.
The car had the speed of a street sign in a school zone.Fast like a god hitting on a girl.
The child worked as hard as a premed student.The child put forth his best effort.
The child worked as hard as a premed student.The child was lazy.
The child worked as hard as a high school dropout.The child was lazy.
The child worked as hard as a high school dropout.The child put forth his best effort.
He roared like a lion.He roared loudly.
He roared like a lion.He roared softly.
He roared like a kitten.He roared softly.
He roared like a kitten.He roared loudly.
The defenses are as thick as steel.The defenses are strong.
The defenses are as thick as steel.The defenses are weak.
The defenses are as thick as air.The defenses are weak.
The defenses are as thick as air.The defenses are strong.
The comedian was as funny as a clown.The comedian was funny.
The comedian was as funny as a clown.The comedian was not funny.
The comedian was as funny as a corpse.The comedian was not funny.
The comedian was as funny as a corpse.The comedian was funny.
That city was the heartbeat of california.The city had the pure essence of california.
That city was the heartbeat of california.The city did not represent california and actually it made it worse.
That city was a blister on california.The city did not represent california and actually it made it worse.
That city was a blister on california.The city had the pure essence of california.
The writer's work is as inspired as a morning sunrise.The writer's work is totally refreshing.
The writer's work is as inspired as a morning sunrise.The writer's work is bland.
The writer's work is as inspired as a peanut butter sandwich.The writer's work is bland.
The writer's work is as inspired as a peanut butter sandwich.The writer's work is totally refreshing.
The movie has the depth of a cookie sheet filled with melted red jello.The movie is boring.
The movie has the depth of a cookie sheet filled with melted red jello.The movie is profound.
The movie has the depth of the deepest most mysterious part of the marianna trench in the darkest black ocean.The movie is profound.
The movie has the depth of the deepest most mysterious part of the marianna trench in the darkest black ocean.The movie is boring.
The room is as crowded as the beach in the summer.The room is packed.
The room is as crowded as the beach in the summer.The room is empty.
The room is as crowded as the arctic.The room is empty.
The room is as crowded as the arctic.The room is packed.
The kitchen counter looked like a toddler cleaned it.The kitchen counter was messy.
The kitchen counter looked like a toddler cleaned it.The kitchen counter was pristinely clean.
The kitchen counter looked like an army general cleaned it.The kitchen counter was pristinely clean.
The kitchen counter looked like an army general cleaned it.The kitchen counter was messy.
He punches like a gorilla.His punches are heavy.
He punches like a gorilla.His punches are light.
He punches like a mosquito.His punches are light.
He punches like a mosquito.His punches are heavy.
The horse had the power of a ferrari.The horse is very strong.
The horse had the power of a ferrari.The horse is weak.
The horse had the power of a bicycle.The horse is weak.
The horse had the power of a bicycle.The horse is very strong.
The judge had the intelligence of a cricket.The judge is not smart.
The judge had the intelligence of a cricket.The judge is smart.
The judge had the intelligence of a surgeon.The judge is smart.
The judge had the intelligence of a surgeon.The judge is not smart.
That wave was as big as everest.The wave was very big.
That wave was as big as everest.The wave wasn't big at all.
That wave was as big as a pebble.The wave wasn't big at all.
That wave was as big as a pebble.The wave was very big.
She could eat like a a starved bear.She ate very ravenously.
She could eat like a a starved bear.She barely ate.
She could eat like a an ant.She barely ate.
She could eat like a an ant.She ate very ravenously.
The high school athlete has the speed of a jaguar.The high school athlete is fast.
The high school athlete has the speed of a jaguar.The high school athlete is slow.
The high school athlete has the speed of a banana slug.The high school athlete is slow.
The high school athlete has the speed of a banana slug.The high school athlete is fast.
The professor is as engaging as bill cosby.The professor is very engaging.
The professor is as engaging as bill cosby.The professor is very dry.
The professor is as engaging as a dictionary.The professor is very dry.
The professor is as engaging as a dictionary.The professor is very engaging.
Jim is a rusty toolbox.Jim is useless.
Jim is a rusty toolbox.Jim is useful.
Jim is a cabinet full of tools.Jim is useful.
Jim is a cabinet full of tools.Jim is useless.
His eyes move like a hummingbird's wings.His eyes move rapidly.
His eyes move like a hummingbird's wings.His eyes move slowly.
His eyes move like a giant sloth.His eyes move slowly.
His eyes move like a giant sloth.His eyes move rapidly.
The table is a bed of rocks.The table is bumpy.
The table is a bed of rocks.The table is smooth.
The table is a sheet of glass.The table is smooth.
The table is a sheet of glass.The table is bumpy.
This is about as legal as the supreme court.It's very legal.
This is about as legal as the supreme court.It's very illegal.
This is about as legal as a bank robbery.It's very illegal.
This is about as legal as a bank robbery.It's very legal.
This is as fun as a bowl of nachos.It's very fun.
This is as fun as a bowl of nachos.It's not fun at all.
This is as fun as stubbing your toe.It's not fun at all.
This is as fun as stubbing your toe.It's very fun.
His eyes have the sharpness of an eagle with binoculars.His eyes are very good.
His eyes have the sharpness of an eagle with binoculars.His eyesight is poor.
His eyes have the sharpness of a bat with broken glasses.His eyesight is poor.
His eyes have the sharpness of a bat with broken glasses.His eyes are very good.
He's smart as a whip.He's very smart.
He's smart as a whip.He's not smart at all.
He's smart as a brick.He's not smart at all.
He's smart as a brick.He's very smart.
The stars shined as bright as the sun.The stars were very bright.
The stars shined as bright as the sun.The stars were dull.
The stars shined as bright as wood.The stars were dull.
The stars shined as bright as wood.The stars were very bright.
The actor was as famous as jesus christ.The actor was known widely and had the same following/influence as a religious figure.
The actor was as famous as jesus christ.The actor was known only by a few people and only had a very small amount of influence.
The actor was as famous as the local mailman.The actor was known only by a few people and only had a very small amount of influence.
The actor was as famous as the local mailman.The actor was known widely and had the same following/influence as a religious figure.
The shopping list was as detailed as the constitution.The shopping list was orderly written with specific details.
The shopping list was as detailed as the constitution.The shopping list was unorganized and thrown together with not much attention to detail.
The shopping list was as detailed as a toddler's letter to santa.The shopping list was unorganized and thrown together with not much attention to detail.
The shopping list was as detailed as a toddler's letter to santa.The shopping list was orderly written with specific details.
The homework assignment was as difficult as an end-of-the-year project.The homework assignment was very difficult and required a lot of effort and a lot of time.
The homework assignment was as difficult as an end-of-the-year project.The homework assignment was very easy and required very little effort and time.
The homework assignment was as difficult as reciting the abcs.The homework assignment was very easy and required very little effort and time.
The homework assignment was as difficult as reciting the abcs.The homework assignment was very difficult and required a lot of effort and a lot of time.
She is a porcelain plate.She is delicate.
She is a porcelain plate.She is tough.
She is a pizza pan.She is tough.
She is a pizza pan.She is delicate.
The man's ego was the size of a pea.The man's ego was tiny.
The man's ego was the size of a pea.The man had a big ego.
The man's ego was the size of a boulder.The man had a big ego.
The man's ego was the size of a boulder.The man's ego was tiny.
The blanket was as soft as a marshmallow.The blanket was super soft.
The blanket was as soft as a marshmallow.The blanket was not soft at all.
The blanket was as soft as a crocodile's armor.The blanket was not soft at all.
The blanket was as soft as a crocodile's armor.The blanket was super soft.
The football player a hurricane.The football player is destructive.
The football player a hurricane.The football player is resistant.
The football player a brick.The football player is resistant.
The football player a brick.The football player is destructive.
The hole goes all the way down to the center of the earth.The hole is deep.
The hole goes all the way down to the center of the earth.The hole is shallow.
The hole goes all the way down to the tops of my shoes.The hole is shallow.
The hole goes all the way down to the tops of my shoes.The hole is deep.
The politician has the transparency of a pane of glass.The politician is very transparent.
The politician has the transparency of a pane of glass.The politician is not transparent.
The politician has the transparency of a metal door.The politician is not transparent.
The politician has the transparency of a metal door.The politician is very transparent.
The letter had the depth of a tide pool.The letter was superficial.
The letter had the depth of a tide pool.The letter was profound.
The letter had the depth of the bottom of the sea.The letter was profound.
The letter had the depth of the bottom of the sea.The letter was superficial.
The professor had the depth of a bath tub.The professor was boring.
The professor had the depth of a bath tub.The professor was profound.
The professor had the depth of the mariana trench.The professor was profound.
The professor had the depth of the mariana trench.The professor was boring.
He sang like he'd just been divorced.He was very emotional while singing.
He sang like he'd just been divorced.He was not emotional at all.
He sang like a robot in need of an update.He was not emotional at all.
He sang like a robot in need of an update.He was very emotional while singing.
The sunset had the hue of a bowl of fresh picked oranges.The sunset was very orange.
The sunset had the hue of a bowl of fresh picked oranges.The sunset was hardly orange at all.
The sunset had the hue of a bowl of rotten, six week old oranges.The sunset was hardly orange at all.
The sunset had the hue of a bowl of rotten, six week old oranges.The sunset was very orange.
My friend's arrival was a swift as a turtle.My friend was slow to arrive.
My friend's arrival was a swift as a turtle.My friend arrived quickly.
My friend's arrival was a swift as a formula 1 race car.My friend arrived quickly.
My friend's arrival was a swift as a formula 1 race car.My friend was slow to arrive.
Their arrival was like a cool hand on a feverish forehead.Their arrival was soothing and welcome.
Their arrival was like a cool hand on a feverish forehead.Their arrival was boring.
Their arrival was like a kernel stuck in your teeth.Their arrival was boring.
Their arrival was like a kernel stuck in your teeth.Their arrival was soothing and welcome.
The rustling was as loud as a power lawn mower.The rustling was obnoxiously loud.
The rustling was as loud as a power lawn mower.The rustling was very quiet.
The rustling was as loud as a library.The rustling was very quiet.
The rustling was as loud as a library.The rustling was obnoxiously loud.
When billy danced, it was poetry on the dance floor.Billy was a graceful dancer.
When billy danced, it was poetry on the dance floor.Billy was not a graceful dancer.
When billy danced, it was an oil spill on the dance floor.Billy was not a graceful dancer.
When billy danced, it was an oil spill on the dance floor.Billy was a graceful dancer.
The man's room looked like a junkyard.The man's room was a mess.
The man's room looked like a junkyard.The man's room was well organized.
The man's room looked like a classroom on the first day of school.The man's room was well organized.
The man's room looked like a classroom on the first day of school.The man's room was a mess.
The football fans at the beginning of the season were as hopeful as people on new year's day.The football fans believed that football season would filled with good things and had hope for a successful season.
The football fans at the beginning of the season were as hopeful as people on new year's day.The football fans believed that the football season would be miserable and thus did not have much hope about the success of the season.
The football fans at the beginning of the season were as hopeful as one of the characters stuck in dante's inferno.The football fans believed that the football season would be miserable and thus did not have much hope about the success of the season.
The football fans at the beginning of the season were as hopeful as one of the characters stuck in dante's inferno.The football fans believed that football season would filled with good things and had hope for a successful season.
The priest had the disposition of a dictator.The priest was authoritarian and sought to get his way above all else.
The priest had the disposition of a dictator.The priest was gentle, loving, and humble.
The priest had the disposition of christ himself.The priest was gentle, loving, and humble.
The priest had the disposition of christ himself.The priest was authoritarian and sought to get his way above all else.
The tv show was as easy to understand as one of hegel's philosophy books.The tv show was very complicated and difficult to parse through for understanding.
The tv show was as easy to understand as one of hegel's philosophy books.The tv show was simple enough for anyone to understand.
The tv show was as easy to understand as dr. seuss tale.The tv show was simple enough for anyone to understand.
The tv show was as easy to understand as dr. seuss tale.The tv show was very complicated and difficult to parse through for understanding.
The movie's excitement level was like that of watching paint dry.The movie is boring.
The movie's excitement level was like that of watching paint dry.The movie is exciting.
The movie's excitement level was like that of a three-ring circus.The movie is exciting.
The movie's excitement level was like that of a three-ring circus.The movie is boring.
The book had the clarity of glass.The book was clear and easy to understand.
The book had the clarity of glass.The book was confusing and hard to understand.
The book had the clarity of mud.The book was confusing and hard to understand.
The book had the clarity of mud.The book was clear and easy to understand.
The phone had all the charge of a nuclear power plant before a meltdown.The phone has a lot of charge.
The phone had all the charge of a nuclear power plant before a meltdown.The phone has no charge.
The phone had all the charge of a sega game gear left in the attic for 25 years.The phone has no charge.
The phone had all the charge of a sega game gear left in the attic for 25 years.The phone has a lot of charge.
This book has the originality of a copy machine.This book is predictable and overdone.
This book has the originality of a copy machine.This book has nothing like it.
This book has the originality of a snowflake.This book has nothing like it.
This book has the originality of a snowflake.This book is predictable and overdone.
That flower has the beauty of a peacock sitting in a weeping willow under a rainbow.The flower is beautiful and rare.
That flower has the beauty of a peacock sitting in a weeping willow under a rainbow.That flower is disgusting.
That flower has the beauty of the bottom of an empty dumpster.That flower is disgusting.
That flower has the beauty of the bottom of an empty dumpster.The flower is beautiful and rare.
It was as challenging as mt. everest.It was difficult.
It was as challenging as mt. everest.It was easy.
It was as challenging as tying one's shoes.It was easy.
It was as challenging as tying one's shoes.It was difficult.
The movie has the speed of a dead chicken.The movie is slow.
The movie has the speed of a dead chicken.The movie is fast-paced.
The movie has the speed of a lamborghini.The movie is fast-paced.
The movie has the speed of a lamborghini.The movie is slow.
The girl's smile was as bright as a christmas ornament.The girl's smile was exuberant.
The girl's smile was as bright as a christmas ornament.The girl didn't smile very brightly.
The girl's smile was as bright as a piece of slate.The girl didn't smile very brightly.
The girl's smile was as bright as a piece of slate.The girl's smile was exuberant.
The car is a pile of dog poop.The car is trash.
The car is a pile of dog poop.The car is wonderful.
The car is a treasure chest.The car is wonderful.
The car is a treasure chest.The car is trash.
The cat is a  wooly mammoth.The cat is hairy.
The cat is a  wooly mammoth.The cat is bald.
The cat is a naked mole rat.The cat is bald.
The cat is a naked mole rat.The cat is hairy.
Mornings spent here are nightmares comes to life.The mornings there are awful.
Mornings spent here are nightmares comes to life.The mornings there are wonderful.
Mornings spent here are dreams come true.The mornings there are wonderful.
Mornings spent here are dreams come true.The mornings there are awful.
Toddlers are angels in human form.Toddlers are innocent and sweet.
Toddlers are angels in human form.Toddlers are unpleasant and evil.
Toddlers are devils in human form.Toddlers are unpleasant and evil.
Toddlers are devils in human form.Toddlers are innocent and sweet.
That man had all the charm of skunk spray.He was not charming at all.
That man had all the charm of skunk spray.He was very charming.
That man had all the charm of a chocolate strawberry.He was very charming.
That man had all the charm of a chocolate strawberry.He was not charming at all.
The cat is as small as a hippopotamus.The cat is very large.
The cat is as small as a hippopotamus.The cat is tiny.
The cat is as small as an ant.The cat is tiny.
The cat is as small as an ant.The cat is very large.
The field is as green as a school bus.The field is yellow and dying.
The field is as green as a school bus.The field is bright green.
The field is as green as a tree frog.The field is bright green.
The field is as green as a tree frog.The field is yellow and dying.
The car was a cheetah.The car was fast.
The car was a cheetah.The car was slow.
The car was a slug.The car was slow.
The car was a slug.The car was fast.
The meaning of life is quantum theory.The meaning of life is complicated.
The meaning of life is quantum theory.The meaning of life is simple.
The meaning of life is duck, duck, goose.The meaning of life is simple.
The meaning of life is duck, duck, goose.The meaning of life is complicated.
He smelled like success.He smelled good.
He smelled like success.He smelled bad.
He smelled like defeat.He smelled bad.
He smelled like defeat.He smelled good.
Her laughter was like a favorite song.The sound of her laughter was pleasant.
Her laughter was like a favorite song.The sound of her laughter was unpleasant.
Her laughter was like a woodchipper.The sound of her laughter was unpleasant.
Her laughter was like a woodchipper.The sound of her laughter was pleasant.
The girl makes her emotions as easy to read as a geometry textbook.The girl's emotions are hard to read.
The girl makes her emotions as easy to read as a geometry textbook.The girl's emotions are really easy to figure out.
The girl makes her emotions as easy to read as a billboard sign.The girl's emotions are really easy to figure out.
The girl makes her emotions as easy to read as a billboard sign.The girl's emotions are hard to read.
The lawyer's tenacity was like a bulldog.The lawyer was highly motivated.
The lawyer's tenacity was like a bulldog.The lawyer had no drive.
The lawyer's tenacity was like a koala.The lawyer had no drive.
The lawyer's tenacity was like a koala.The lawyer was highly motivated.
The child swims as well as a salmon.The child swims really expertly.
The child swims as well as a salmon.The child flounders around in the pool.
The child swims as well as a peacock.The child flounders around in the pool.
The child swims as well as a peacock.The child swims really expertly.
The dog barked as loudly as a cheering audience.The dog yipped wildly.
The dog barked as loudly as a cheering audience.The dog made no sound.
The dog barked as loudly as a sleeping baby.The dog made no sound.
The dog barked as loudly as a sleeping baby.The dog yipped wildly.
The chapter has the depth of a bathtub.The chapter is boring.
The chapter has the depth of a bathtub.The chapter is profound.
The chapter has the depth of the sea.The chapter is profound.
The chapter has the depth of the sea.The chapter is boring.
The driveway is a ski slope.The driveway is steep.
The driveway is a ski slope.The driveway is flat.
The driveway is a plain.The driveway is flat.
The driveway is a plain.The driveway is steep.
The sandwich is as thick as a dictionary.The sandwich is huge.
The sandwich is as thick as a dictionary.The sandwich is thin.
The sandwich is as thick as a veil.The sandwich is thin.
The sandwich is as thick as a veil.The sandwich is huge.
The tea tastes like paper.The tea is flavorless.
The tea tastes like paper.The tea has interesting flavors.
The tea tastes like the tropics.The tea has interesting flavors.
The tea tastes like the tropics.The tea is flavorless.
The sandwich bread had the thickness of a car tire.The bread was thick.
The sandwich bread had the thickness of a car tire.The bread was thin.
The sandwich bread had the thickness of a wood shaving.The bread was thin.
The sandwich bread had the thickness of a wood shaving.The bread was thick.
The woman's waistline had the width of a toothpick.The waistline was small.
The woman's waistline had the width of a toothpick.The waistline was large.
The woman's waistline had the width of the equator.The waistline was large.
The woman's waistline had the width of the equator.The waistline was small.
The conversation was as shallow as a bird bath.The conversation was superficial.
The conversation was as shallow as a bird bath.The conversation was intriguing.
The conversation was a deep rabbit hole.The conversation was intriguing.
The conversation was a deep rabbit hole.The conversation was superficial.
Her pillow is a rock.The pillow is hard.
Her pillow is a rock.The pillow is soft.
Her pillow is a marshmallow.The pillow is soft.
Her pillow is a marshmallow.The pillow is hard.
The air is a warm hug.The air is warm and cozy.
The air is a warm hug.The air is cold and irritating.
The air is a biting fly.The air is cold and irritating.
The air is a biting fly.The air is warm and cozy.
The sandwich was a mother's hug.The sandwich was delicious and comforting.
The sandwich was a mother's hug.The sandwich was painfully unpleasant.
The sandwich was a fist to the face.The sandwich was painfully unpleasant.
The sandwich was a fist to the face.The sandwich was delicious and comforting.
The shower had the moisture of a greenhouse in a hurricane.The shower was moist.
The shower had the moisture of a greenhouse in a hurricane.The shower had little moisture.
The shower had the moisture of a pizza left in the oven for an hour.The shower had little moisture.
The shower had the moisture of a pizza left in the oven for an hour.The shower was moist.
The ball was a trampoline.The ball was bouncy.
The ball was a trampoline.The ball was not bouncy.
The ball was a brick of lead.The ball was not bouncy.
The ball was a brick of lead.The ball was bouncy.
The teacher graded as harshly as a navy seal.The teacher's grading was very difficult.
The teacher graded as harshly as a navy seal.The teacher's grading was very relaxed.
The teacher graded as harshly as a saint.The teacher's grading was very relaxed.
The teacher graded as harshly as a saint.The teacher's grading was very difficult.
She's as cool as antarctica.She's very cool.
She's as cool as antarctica.She's not very cool.
She's as cool as the sahara.She's not very cool.
She's as cool as the sahara.She's very cool.
Rest is a sky full of clouds.Rest is very restful.
Rest is a sky full of clouds.Rest is restless.
Rest is pacing back and forth.Rest is restless.
Rest is pacing back and forth.Rest is very restful.
Her nail polish was as shiny as aluminium foil.Her nail polish was shiny.
Her nail polish was as shiny as aluminium foil.Her nail polish was dull.
Her nail polish was as shiny as dull metal.Her nail polish was dull.
Her nail polish was as shiny as dull metal.Her nail polish was shiny.
This baseball game has the entertainment value watching paint dry.Baseball is boring.
This baseball game has the entertainment value watching paint dry.Baseball has action.
This baseball game has the entertainment value an action movie.Baseball has action.
This baseball game has the entertainment value an action movie.Baseball is boring.
The girl is as coordinated as the london symphony.The girl is very well coordinated.
The girl is as coordinated as the london symphony.The girl has no coordination at all.
The girl is as coordinated as a baby giraffe.The girl has no coordination at all.
The girl is as coordinated as a baby giraffe.The girl is very well coordinated.
The movie's star was as well-known as a primary color.The movie star was a household name.
The movie's star was as well-known as a primary color.The movie star was totally obsolete.
The movie's star was as well-known as the color burlywood.The movie star was totally obsolete.
The movie's star was as well-known as the color burlywood.The movie star was a household name.
The doctor is a bigfoot.The doctor is sloppy.
The doctor is a bigfoot.The doctor is careful.
The doctor is an artist.The doctor is careful.
The doctor is an artist.The doctor is sloppy.
The joke is like a ton of concrete.The joke is terrible.
The joke is like a ton of concrete.The joke is hilarious.
The joke is like a hit of laughing gas.The joke is hilarious.
The joke is like a hit of laughing gas.The joke is terrible.
He shares as much as scrooge.He doesn't share much at all.
He shares as much as scrooge.He shares a lot.
He shares as much as santa claus.He shares a lot.
He shares as much as santa claus.He doesn't share much at all.
The basketball player had the height of a giraffe.The player was tall.
The basketball player had the height of a giraffe.The player was short.
The basketball player had the height of an ant.The player was short.
The basketball player had the height of an ant.The player was tall.
Spilling secrets to a friend can be a walking disaster down the line.Spilling secrets to a friend is a bad idea.
Spilling secrets to a friend can be a walking disaster down the line.Spilling secrets to a friend is a way to bring people together to talk about things.
Spilling secrets to a friend can be a a magnetic experience for the group.Spilling secrets to a friend is a way to bring people together to talk about things.
Spilling secrets to a friend can be a a magnetic experience for the group.Spilling secrets to a friend is a bad idea.
Cats have the luck of the irish.They have good fortune.
Cats have the luck of the irish.Cats keep trying until they get the results they want.
Cats have the luck of a compulsive gambler.Cats keep trying until they get the results they want.
Cats have the luck of a compulsive gambler.They have good fortune.
The mattress was as comfortable as a pile of marshmallows.The mattress was very comfortable.
The mattress was as comfortable as a pile of marshmallows.The mattress was uncomfortable.
The mattress was as comfortable as a pile of rocks.The mattress was uncomfortable.
The mattress was as comfortable as a pile of rocks.The mattress was very comfortable.
The plane ride was as choppy as a knife.The plane ride was very choppy.
The plane ride was as choppy as a knife.The plane ride was smooth.
The plane ride was as choppy as a freshwater lake.The plane ride was smooth.
The plane ride was as choppy as a freshwater lake.The plane ride was very choppy.
This painting makes me feel as if i am home.The painting makes the speaker feel safe and in a familiar place.
This painting makes me feel as if i am home.The painting makes the speaker feel out of their element and unsure.
This painting makes me feel as if i am lost.The painting makes the speaker feel out of their element and unsure.
This painting makes me feel as if i am lost.The painting makes the speaker feel safe and in a familiar place.
He had the artistic talent of a renaissance artist.He was artistically talented.
He had the artistic talent of a renaissance artist.He was artistically untalented.
He had the artistic talent of a finger-painting toddler.He was artistically untalented.
He had the artistic talent of a finger-painting toddler.He was artistically talented.
When it comes to running, i'm practically a cheetah.When it comes to running, i'm very fast.
When it comes to running, i'm practically a cheetah.When it comes to running, i'm very slow.
When it comes to running, i'm practically a turtle.When it comes to running, i'm very slow.
When it comes to running, i'm practically a turtle.When it comes to running, i'm very fast.
The new product was iphone like.The new product was expensive.
The new product was iphone like.The new product was economical.
The new product was lg like.The new product was economical.
The new product was lg like.The new product was expensive.
This weeknight meal encompasses as much food as the last supper.This weeknight meal is very lavish.
This weeknight meal encompasses as much food as the last supper.This weeknight meal barely has any food.
This weeknight meal encompasses as much food as a few crumbs.This weeknight meal barely has any food.
This weeknight meal encompasses as much food as a few crumbs.This weeknight meal is very lavish.
She's as gentle as a puppy.She's very gentle.
She's as gentle as a puppy.She's vicious.
She's as gentle as a shark.She's vicious.
She's as gentle as a shark.She's very gentle.
This food has the flavor of ambrosia.This food tastes good.
This food has the flavor of ambrosia.This food tastes bad.
This food has the flavor of garbage.This food tastes bad.
This food has the flavor of garbage.This food tastes good.
The chef's sauce has the taste of a liquid drained through soiled socks.The chef's sauce was horrible.
The chef's sauce has the taste of a liquid drained through soiled socks.The chef's sauce tasted great.
The chef's sauce has the taste of a wonderful condiment from heaven.The chef's sauce tasted great.
The chef's sauce has the taste of a wonderful condiment from heaven.The chef's sauce was horrible.
The digest's compilation was organized like a rummage sale.The digest's compilation was disorderly and not organized.
The digest's compilation was organized like a rummage sale.The digest's compilation was well organized and orderly.
The digest's compilation was organized like a crack platoon of soldiers.The digest's compilation was well organized and orderly.
The digest's compilation was organized like a crack platoon of soldiers.The digest's compilation was disorderly and not organized.
The world spins like a roulette wheel.The world operates on chance.
The world spins like a roulette wheel.The world is determined by what you do.
The world spins like a like a hula-hoop around your waist.The world is determined by what you do.
The world spins like a like a hula-hoop around your waist.The world operates on chance.
This food is as rich as a tech billionaire.This is food is very rich/flavorful.
This food is as rich as a tech billionaire.This food is not at all rich/has bad flavor.
This food is as rich as a a homeless bum.This food is not at all rich/has bad flavor.
This food is as rich as a a homeless bum.This is food is very rich/flavorful.
This wine is like the sahara.The wine is very dry.
This wine is like the sahara.The wine is very sweet.
This wine is like candy.The wine is very sweet.
This wine is like candy.The wine is very dry.
The casino has the integrity of a priest.The casino is just and fair.
The casino has the integrity of a priest.The casino is ruthless.
The casino has the integrity of the devil.The casino is ruthless.
The casino has the integrity of the devil.The casino is just and fair.
The gambler is a lumberjack.The gambler is sloppy.
The gambler is a lumberjack.The gambler is careful.
The gambler is a ballerina.The gambler is careful.
The gambler is a ballerina.The gambler is sloppy.
The diss track was an execution.The diss track was brutal.
The diss track was an execution.The diss track was weak.
The diss track was an a light tickle.The diss track was weak.
The diss track was an a light tickle.The diss track was brutal.
His work ethic was made with steel beams.He was solid and dependable.
His work ethic was made with steel beams.He was not reliable a failure.
His work ethic was made with jelly.He was not reliable a failure.
His work ethic was made with jelly.He was solid and dependable.
This couch has all the comfort of a nice cloud.The couch was very comfortable.
This couch has all the comfort of a nice cloud.The couch was not very comfortable.
This couch has all the comfort of a pile of nails.The couch was not very comfortable.
This couch has all the comfort of a pile of nails.The couch was very comfortable.
The blanket felt as soft as a brick's surface.The blanket isn't soft at all.
The blanket felt as soft as a brick's surface.The blanket is very soft.
The blanket felt as soft as rabbit fur.The blanket is very soft.
The blanket felt as soft as rabbit fur.The blanket isn't soft at all.
Magic is a butterfly.Magic is beautiful.
Magic is a butterfly.Magic is ugly.
Magic is a frog.Magic is ugly.
Magic is a frog.Magic is beautiful.
This hurts as much as brad pitt hurt jennifer aniston.This hurts a lot.
This hurts as much as brad pitt hurt jennifer aniston.This does not hurt at all.
This hurts as much as eating chocolate.This does not hurt at all.
This hurts as much as eating chocolate.This hurts a lot.
She treats him like he's a soft puppy.She treats him too nicely.
She treats him like he's a soft puppy.She treats him too harshly.
She treats him like he's a rabid wolf.She treats him too harshly.
She treats him like he's a rabid wolf.She treats him too nicely.
She smelled like a trash can.She stunk.
She smelled like a trash can.She smelled nice.
She smelled like a rose.She smelled nice.
She smelled like a rose.She stunk.
Our love is deep like the ocean.Our love is strong.
Our love is deep like the ocean.Our love is weak.
Our love is deep like a puddle.Our love is weak.
Our love is deep like a puddle.Our love is strong.
The knife is as shiny as a freshly polished piece of jewelry.The knife is shiny.
The knife is as shiny as a freshly polished piece of jewelry.The knife is not shiny.
The knife is as shiny as a rusty nail.The knife is not shiny.
The knife is as shiny as a rusty nail.The knife is shiny.
The girl is as flighty as a plane.The girl is very flighty.
The girl is as flighty as a plane.The girl is very steady.
The girl is as flighty as a rock.The girl is very steady.
The girl is as flighty as a rock.The girl is very flighty.
The bone has the white of the blinding lights of heaven.The bone is very white.
The bone has the white of the blinding lights of heaven.The bone is not white.
The bone has the white of the la brea tar pits.The bone is not white.
The bone has the white of the la brea tar pits.The bone is very white.
He is as brave as a leopard.He is brave.
He is as brave as a leopard.He is a coward.
He is as brave as a cow.He is a coward.
He is as brave as a cow.He is brave.
Traffic is moving at the speed of a turtle.Traffic is slow.
Traffic is moving at the speed of a turtle.Traffic is moving fast.
Traffic is moving at the speed of a rocket.Traffic is moving fast.
Traffic is moving at the speed of a rocket.Traffic is slow.
Our enemies have the strength of an army of of hoplites.The enemies are very strong and coordinated.
Our enemies have the strength of an army of of hoplites.The enemies are weak and helpless.
Our enemies have the strength of a sleeping koala.The enemies are weak and helpless.
Our enemies have the strength of a sleeping koala.The enemies are very strong and coordinated.
The villain has the brain of einstein.The villain is a genius.
The villain has the brain of einstein.The villain isn't very bright.
The villain has the brain of a kindergartener.The villain isn't very bright.
The villain has the brain of a kindergartener.The villain is a genius.
The runner has the speed of usain bolt.The runner is fast.
The runner has the speed of usain bolt.The runner is slow.
The runner has the speed of a turtle.The runner is slow.
The runner has the speed of a turtle.The runner is fast.
The girl's taste was as rich as champagne.The girl had expensive taste.
The girl's taste was as rich as champagne.The girl had cheap and tacky taste.
The girl's taste was as rich as beer.The girl had cheap and tacky taste.
The girl's taste was as rich as beer.The girl had expensive taste.
He's knows as much about science as an enclyclopedia.He knows a lot about science.
He's knows as much about science as an enclyclopedia.He doesn't know much about science at all.
He's knows as much about science as a monkey.He doesn't know much about science at all.
He's knows as much about science as a monkey.He knows a lot about science.
The dog is a wooly mammoth.The dog is hairy.
The dog is a wooly mammoth.The dog is bald.
The dog is a naked mole rat.The dog is bald.
The dog is a naked mole rat.The dog is hairy.
The tree was a gnarled old man.The tree was old.
The tree was a gnarled old man.The tree was young.
The tree was a spry young lad.The tree was young.
The tree was a spry young lad.The tree was old.
This argument is like a fly spiralling towards a light.The argument is pointless.
This argument is like a fly spiralling towards a light.The argument is meaningful.
This argument is like looking into a crystal ball.The argument is meaningful.
This argument is like looking into a crystal ball.The argument is pointless.
His torso has the appearance of a stalk of celery.This torso is skinny.
His torso has the appearance of a stalk of celery.His torso is obese.
His torso has the appearance of great mounds of dough.His torso is obese.
His torso has the appearance of great mounds of dough.This torso is skinny.
The song is reminiscent of a soft evening breeze.The song is soothing.
The song is reminiscent of a soft evening breeze.The song is loud and irritating.
The song is reminiscent of the blaring of sirens.The song is loud and irritating.
The song is reminiscent of the blaring of sirens.The song is soothing.
Accepting candy from strangers is as safe as trusting a one-night stand who proclaims they "tested clean.".Accepting candy from strangers is dangerous.
Accepting candy from strangers is as safe as trusting a one-night stand who proclaims they "tested clean.".Accepting candy from strangers is perfectly safe.
Accepting candy from strangers is as safe as enjoying your mom's freshly-baked cookies.Accepting candy from strangers is perfectly safe.
Accepting candy from strangers is as safe as enjoying your mom's freshly-baked cookies.Accepting candy from strangers is dangerous.
He's got the muscles of a gorilla.He's very muscular.
He's got the muscles of a gorilla.He's not very muscular.
He's got the muscles of a skeleton.He's not very muscular.
He's got the muscles of a skeleton.He's very muscular.
The falling comet was like a firework.The falling comet was over quickly.
The falling comet was like a firework.The falling comet lasted forever.
The falling comet was like a streetlight.The falling comet lasted forever.
The falling comet was like a streetlight.The falling comet was over quickly.
My backyard is like a vast forest.My backyard is overgrown and unkempt.
My backyard is like a vast forest.My backyard is small and confining.
My backyard is like a cubicle.My backyard is small and confining.
My backyard is like a cubicle.My backyard is overgrown and unkempt.
Watching kids is as fun as setting yourself on fire.Watching kids is miserable.
Watching kids is as fun as setting yourself on fire.Watching kids is really fun.
Watching kids is as fun as going through a chocolate factory.Watching kids is really fun.
Watching kids is as fun as going through a chocolate factory.Watching kids is miserable.
Studying math is akin to gouging your eyes out.Studying math can be a really hard subject to grasp and drains your mental energy.
Studying math is akin to gouging your eyes out.Studying math can be a really easy subject to understand.
Studying math is akin to a walk in the park.Studying math can be a really easy subject to understand.
Studying math is akin to a walk in the park.Studying math can be a really hard subject to grasp and drains your mental energy.
The plot was as intricate as a set of kid's blocks.The plot was simple.
The plot was as intricate as a set of kid's blocks.The plot was complicated.
The plot was as intricate as a the parts of a precision timepiece.The plot was complicated.
The plot was as intricate as a the parts of a precision timepiece.The plot was simple.
Her teeth are as shiny as tinsel.Her teeth are sparkling.
Her teeth are as shiny as tinsel.Her teeth aren't shiny at all.
Her teeth are as shiny as concrete.Her teeth aren't shiny at all.
Her teeth are as shiny as concrete.Her teeth are sparkling.
That man has the honesty of a saint.The man is very honest.
That man has the honesty of a saint.The man is not honest at all.
That man has the honesty of a crook.The man is not honest at all.
That man has the honesty of a crook.The man is very honest.
He fought as hard as an attack dog.He fought hard.
He fought as hard as an attack dog.He didn't put up a fight at all.
He fought as hard as an opossum.He didn't put up a fight at all.
He fought as hard as an opossum.He fought hard.
This cake tastes like dirt.This cake is very bad.
This cake tastes like dirt.This cake is very good.
This cake tastes like heaven.This cake is very good.
This cake tastes like heaven.This cake is very bad.
The chair was as comfortable as a bed of nails.The chair is uncomfortable.
The chair was as comfortable as a bed of nails.The chair is very comfortable.
The chair was as comfortable as a cloud from heaven.The chair is very comfortable.
The chair was as comfortable as a cloud from heaven.The chair is uncomfortable.
The movie's script had the depth of a sesame street episode.The script is shallow and simple.
The movie's script had the depth of a sesame street episode.The script is deep and mysterious.
The movie's script had the depth of sir arthur conan doyle's best novel.The script is deep and mysterious.
The movie's script had the depth of sir arthur conan doyle's best novel.The script is shallow and simple.
Studying for a spelling test is a piece of cake.Studying for a spelling test is easy.
Studying for a spelling test is a piece of cake.Studying for a spelling test is hard.
Studying for a spelling test is akin to fighting a zombie apocalypse with no weapons.Studying for a spelling test is hard.
Studying for a spelling test is akin to fighting a zombie apocalypse with no weapons.Studying for a spelling test is easy.
The woman had as much romanticism as an icicle.The woman wasn't romantic at all.
The woman had as much romanticism as an icicle.The woman was highly romantic.
The woman had as much romanticism as cupid.The woman was highly romantic.
The woman had as much romanticism as cupid.The woman wasn't romantic at all.
His imagination is as small as a peanut.He is uncreative.
His imagination is as small as a peanut.He has a vivid imagination.
His imagination is as broad as the sky.He has a vivid imagination.
His imagination is as broad as the sky.He is uncreative.
The crowd was as alert as a gazelle on the serengeti.The crowd was on edge.
The crowd was as alert as a gazelle on the serengeti.The crowd was bored.
The crowd was as alert as a grandpa in a rocker.The crowd was bored.
The crowd was as alert as a grandpa in a rocker.The crowd was on edge.
The girl had the laughter of a teakettle's whistle.The laughter is loud and annoying.
The girl had the laughter of a teakettle's whistle.The laughter is haunting.
The girl had the laughter of a loon's warble.The laughter is haunting.
The girl had the laughter of a loon's warble.The laughter is loud and annoying.
Security is tight as a straight jacket.Security is tight.
Security is tight as a straight jacket.Security is loose.
Security is tight as a loose fitting sweater.Security is loose.
Security is tight as a loose fitting sweater.Security is tight.
The house had the appeal of seductive gentleman.The house was inviting and beautiful to behold.
The house had the appeal of seductive gentleman.The house was disinviting and not particularly alluring.
The house had the appeal of a haunted house.The house was disinviting and not particularly alluring.
The house had the appeal of a haunted house.The house was inviting and beautiful to behold.
My mood was like a whirlpool.My mood was chaotic and turbulent; it was all over the place.
My mood was like a whirlpool.My mood was steady and calm.
My mood was like a peaceful mountain river.My mood was steady and calm.
My mood was like a peaceful mountain river.My mood was chaotic and turbulent; it was all over the place.
The cake slice was as soft as a wooden block.The cake slice was very tough.
The cake slice was as soft as a wooden block.The cake slice was soft and light.
The cake slice was as soft as a sponge.The cake slice was soft and light.
The cake slice was as soft as a sponge.The cake slice was very tough.
The acne on the girl's face was as noticeable as paris on a map of france.The acne on the girl's face was very prominent.
The acne on the girl's face was as noticeable as paris on a map of france.The acne on the girl's face was hidden.
The acne on the girl's face was as noticeable as an atom in the universe.The acne on the girl's face was hidden.
The acne on the girl's face was as noticeable as an atom in the universe.The acne on the girl's face was very prominent.
The girl was as knowledgeable about other people's business as a washington post reporter.The girl knew everyone's business.
The girl was as knowledgeable about other people's business as a washington post reporter.The girl never knew anyone's business.
The girl was as knowledgeable about other people's business as a shut-in.The girl never knew anyone's business.
The girl was as knowledgeable about other people's business as a shut-in.The girl knew everyone's business.
This house has the spaciousness of asia.This house is huge.
This house has the spaciousness of asia.This house is very small.
This house has the spaciousness of a jail cell.This house is very small.
This house has the spaciousness of a jail cell.This house is huge.
My girlfriend has the smell of roses.My girlfriend smells nice.
My girlfriend has the smell of roses.My girlfriend smells bad.
My girlfriend has the smell of a garbage can.My girlfriend smells bad.
My girlfriend has the smell of a garbage can.My girlfriend smells nice.
The girl's hair was as bright as a diamond.The girl's hair was shiny.
The girl's hair was as bright as a diamond.The girl's hair was dull.
The girl's hair was as bright as an overripe banana peel.The girl's hair was dull.
The girl's hair was as bright as an overripe banana peel.The girl's hair was shiny.
The girl ate as much as an eagles quarterback.The girl ate everything.
The girl ate as much as an eagles quarterback.The girl ate nothing.
The girl ate as much as a baby robin.The girl ate nothing.
The girl ate as much as a baby robin.The girl ate everything.
Last night was as dark as a black body.Last night was pitch black.
Last night was as dark as a black body.Last night was bright.
Last night was as dark as a midnight sun.Last night was bright.
Last night was as dark as a midnight sun.Last night was pitch black.
The clacks of my keyboard are as loud as a shotgun in an empty room.The keyboard was extremely loud.
The clacks of my keyboard are as loud as a shotgun in an empty room.The keyboard was almost completely silent.
The clacks of my keyboard are as loud as a crawling caterpillar.The keyboard was almost completely silent.
The clacks of my keyboard are as loud as a crawling caterpillar.The keyboard was extremely loud.
That website is as useful as a landmine in a kitchen.The website was not useful and not practical.
That website is as useful as a landmine in a kitchen.The website was very useful.
That website is as useful as a million dollars.The website was very useful.
That website is as useful as a million dollars.The website was not useful and not practical.
The movie has the depth of caked makeup.The movie is shallow and boring.
The movie has the depth of caked makeup.The movie is deep and powerful.
The movie has the depth of a volcano.The movie is deep and powerful.
The movie has the depth of a volcano.The movie is shallow and boring.
The president has the mind of a drooling baby.The president is a moron.
The president has the mind of a drooling baby.The president is a genius.
The president has the mind of albert einstein.The president is a genius.
The president has the mind of albert einstein.The president is a moron.
The employee is as hard-working as a slug.The employee is lazy.
The employee is as hard-working as a slug.The employee is hard-working.
The employee is as hard-working as a spider.The employee is hard-working.
The employee is as hard-working as a spider.The employee is lazy.
The soldier is a smart as a goldfish.The soldier is stupid.
The soldier is a smart as a goldfish.The soldier is very smart.
The soldier is a smart as a dolphin.The soldier is very smart.
The soldier is a smart as a dolphin.The soldier is stupid.
The grading policy is as flexible as silly putty.The grading policy is very lenient.
The grading policy is as flexible as silly putty.The grading policy is very strict.
The grading policy is as flexible as a metal pole.The grading policy is very strict.
The grading policy is as flexible as a metal pole.The grading policy is very lenient.
The third-word country's military was that of a group of boy scouts.The third-word country's military was very amature.
The third-word country's military was that of a group of boy scouts.The third-word country's military was very professional.
The third-word country's military was that of a top-notch band of commandos.The third-word country's military was very professional.
The third-word country's military was that of a top-notch band of commandos.The third-word country's military was very amature.
The lamp lit the room up like an explosion.The lamp gave off a lot of light.
The lamp lit the room up like an explosion.The lamp did not give off much light.
The lamp lit the room up like a poor candle.The lamp did not give off much light.
The lamp lit the room up like a poor candle.The lamp gave off a lot of light.
The boy's wit is as sharp as a razor.The boy has much wit.
The boy's wit is as sharp as a razor.The boy has not much wit.
The boy's wit is as sharp as a dull knife.The boy has not much wit.
The boy's wit is as sharp as a dull knife.The boy has much wit.
Reading the book is a fun little jog.The book is a quick, entertaining read.
Reading the book is a fun little jog.The book is very dense and hard to get through.
Reading the book is marching through mud.The book is very dense and hard to get through.
Reading the book is marching through mud.The book is a quick, entertaining read.
This game's rules are a calculus textbook.The game's rules are complicated.
This game's rules are a calculus textbook.The game's rules are simple.
This game's rules are a child's picture book.The game's rules are simple.
This game's rules are a child's picture book.The game's rules are complicated.
My head is a drum solo.My head is pounding.
My head is a drum solo.My head feels cool and pleasant.
My head is an autumn breeze.My head feels cool and pleasant.
My head is an autumn breeze.My head is pounding.
The food tasted like a childhood memory.The food tastes good and is comforting.
The food tasted like a childhood memory.The food is disgusting and unpleasant.
The food tasted like the underside of a toilet.The food is disgusting and unpleasant.
The food tasted like the underside of a toilet.The food tastes good and is comforting.
The land is a rock garden.The land is bumpy.
The land is a rock garden.The land is smooth.
The land is an ice rink.The land is smooth.
The land is an ice rink.The land is bumpy.
The runner is a sloth.The runner is slow.
The runner is a sloth.The runner is fast.
The runner is a cheetah.The runner is fast.
The runner is a cheetah.The runner is slow.
The president spoke with the authority of a lion.The president shows strength in the boldness of his speech.
The president spoke with the authority of a lion.The president speaks from a place of weakness, showing no authority.
The president spoke with the authority of peasant.The president speaks from a place of weakness, showing no authority.
The president spoke with the authority of peasant.The president shows strength in the boldness of his speech.
He is as sharp as a razor.He is very smart.
He is as sharp as a razor.He lacks intelligence.
He is as sharp as a bowling ball.He lacks intelligence.
He is as sharp as a bowling ball.He is very smart.
Time was moving like a cheetah.Time was moving very quickly.
Time was moving like a cheetah.Time was barely moving.
Time was moving like a snail.Time was barely moving.
Time was moving like a snail.Time was moving very quickly.
The movie has the pacing of a slug.The movie is slow.
The movie has the pacing of a slug.The movie is well-paced.
The movie has the pacing of a tour de france champion.The movie is well-paced.
The movie has the pacing of a tour de france champion.The movie is slow.
The girl's dreams were as aspirational as a stargazer.The girl had lofty dreams.
The girl's dreams were as aspirational as a stargazer.The girl had absolutely no dreams.
The girl's dreams were as aspirational as mud.The girl had absolutely no dreams.
The girl's dreams were as aspirational as mud.The girl had lofty dreams.
Your solution is a knife in a wound.Their solution makes things worse.
Your solution is a knife in a wound.Their solution really helps.
Your solution is a a stitch in a wound.Their solution really helps.
Your solution is a a stitch in a wound.Their solution makes things worse.
The house has the strength of popsicle sticks.The house is weak.
The house has the strength of popsicle sticks.The house is strong.
The house has the strength of steel.The house is strong.
The house has the strength of steel.The house is weak.
The wall is as thick as bricks.You can hear nothing through the wall.
The wall is as thick as bricks.You can hear everything through the wall.
The wall is as thick as paper.You can hear everything through the wall.
The wall is as thick as paper.You can hear nothing through the wall.
He is as smart as my doctor.He is incredibly smart.
He is as smart as my doctor.He is not smart at all.
He is as smart as a door handle.He is not smart at all.
He is as smart as a door handle.He is incredibly smart.
Compared to their competitors' tech, this prototype looks like it has been made by a dinosaur.The prototype is fundamentally simple and thus too basic.
Compared to their competitors' tech, this prototype looks like it has been made by a dinosaur.The prototype is incredibly advanced compared to other similar products on the market.
Compared to their competitors' tech, this prototype looks like it has come from 4021.The prototype is incredibly advanced compared to other similar products on the market.
Compared to their competitors' tech, this prototype looks like it has come from 4021.The prototype is fundamentally simple and thus too basic.
This man had a temper of the incredible hulk.The man is easily and profoundly angered.
This man had a temper of the incredible hulk.The man is rarely angered and usually calm.
This man had a temper of the care bears.The man is rarely angered and usually calm.
This man had a temper of the care bears.The man is easily and profoundly angered.
That professor was about as helpful as a spanish to english book when you only know russian.The professor is useless as a source of knowledge.
That professor was about as helpful as a spanish to english book when you only know russian.The professor is extremely knowledgeable.
That professor was about as helpful as google as a person.The professor is extremely knowledgeable.
That professor was about as helpful as google as a person.The professor is useless as a source of knowledge.
Those pancakes tasted as if they were made of drywall drenched in syrup.The pancakes are awful.
Those pancakes tasted as if they were made of drywall drenched in syrup.The pancakes are fantastic.
Those pancakes tasted as if god himself cooked them on heaven's skillet.The pancakes are fantastic.
Those pancakes tasted as if god himself cooked them on heaven's skillet.The pancakes are awful.
The costume fit as snugly as a condom.The costume fit very well.
The costume fit as snugly as a condom.The costume didn't fit well at all.
The costume fit as snugly as a paper bag.The costume didn't fit well at all.
The costume fit as snugly as a paper bag.The costume fit very well.
The wall was as thick as rock.The wall was thick.
The wall was as thick as rock.The wall was thin.
The wall was as thick as paper.The wall was thin.
The wall was as thick as paper.The wall was thick.
I am as busy as a teacher on report card day.I have much work.
I am as busy as a teacher on report card day.I have little work.
I am as busy as a sloth on vacation.I have little work.
I am as busy as a sloth on vacation.I have much work.
I'm as calm as a cucumber.I am relaxed.
I'm as calm as a cucumber.I am hyped.
I'm as calm as a racoon in a beehive.I am hyped.
I'm as calm as a racoon in a beehive.I am relaxed.
The woman drives as fast as a star ship.The woman drives fast.
The woman drives as fast as a star ship.The woman drives slow.
The woman drives as fast as a turtle.The woman drives slow.
The woman drives as fast as a turtle.The woman drives fast.
The weather feels like we are living on the sun.The weather feels extremely hot.
The weather feels like we are living on the sun.The weather feels extremely cold.
The weather feels like we are living in antarctica.The weather feels extremely cold.
The weather feels like we are living in antarctica.The weather feels extremely hot.
He completed the race at the speed of a rocket ship to the moon.He completed the race very quickly.
He completed the race at the speed of a rocket ship to the moon.He completed the race very slowly.
He completed the race like he was carrying a pyramid on his back.He completed the race very slowly.
He completed the race like he was carrying a pyramid on his back.He completed the race very quickly.
You work like a turtle.You work slow.
You work like a turtle.You work fast.
You work like a hare.You work fast.
You work like a hare.You work slow.
The lady is a peacock.The lady is pretty.
The lady is a peacock.The lady is ugly.
The lady is a crow.The lady is ugly.
The lady is a crow.The lady is pretty.
The ocean was a raging bull.The ocean was rough.
The ocean was a raging bull.The ocean was calm.
The ocean was a meek lamb.The ocean was calm.
The ocean was a meek lamb.The ocean was rough.
Mainstream music has a depth of a drinking glass.The music is shallow.
Mainstream music has a depth of a drinking glass.The music choice is extensive.
Mainstream music has a depth of a library.The music choice is extensive.
Mainstream music has a depth of a library.The music is shallow.
His eyes were ice.His eyes were cold.
His eyes were ice.His eyes were warm and inviting.
His eyes were sunrays.His eyes were warm and inviting.
His eyes were sunrays.His eyes were cold.
Her eyes were like a deep blue sea.Her eyes were inviting.
Her eyes were like a deep blue sea.Her eyes weren't inviting.
Her eyes were like a bag of coal.Her eyes weren't inviting.
Her eyes were like a bag of coal.Her eyes were inviting.
The height of the tower extended to the entrance of heaven.The tower was extremely high.
The height of the tower extended to the entrance of heaven.The tower was short.
The height of the tower extended to the steeple top of a one story church.The tower was short.
The height of the tower extended to the steeple top of a one story church.The tower was extremely high.
They got as many people interested as in a middle-school chess tournament.There's not many people interested in this.
They got as many people interested as in a middle-school chess tournament.There are a lot of people following this with interest.
They got as many people interested as in the super bowl.There are a lot of people following this with interest.
They got as many people interested as in the super bowl.There's not many people interested in this.
The room was as as cool as mount doom.The room was extremely hot.
The room was as as cool as mount doom.The room temperature was pleasant.
The room was as as cool as a spring breeze.The room temperature was pleasant.
The room was as as cool as a spring breeze.The room was extremely hot.
The boy has a frame that's as thin as a telephone pole.The boy's frame is wispy.
The boy has a frame that's as thin as a telephone pole.The boy isn't thin at all.
The boy has a frame that's as thin as a log.The boy isn't thin at all.
The boy has a frame that's as thin as a log.The boy's frame is wispy.
The artist's work is as recognizable as the mcdonald's logo.The artist's work is instantly recognizable.
The artist's work is as recognizable as the mcdonald's logo.The artist's work isn't recognizable.
The artist's work is as recognizable as a single grain of sand at the beach.The artist's work isn't recognizable.
The artist's work is as recognizable as a single grain of sand at the beach.The artist's work is instantly recognizable.
The soap makes all the bubbles of a freshly opened soda.The soap makes many bubbles.
The soap makes all the bubbles of a freshly opened soda.The soap lacks bubbles.
The soap makes all the bubbles of an unboiled pot of water.The soap lacks bubbles.
The soap makes all the bubbles of an unboiled pot of water.The soap makes many bubbles.
John is a mighty moose.John is very huge.
John is a mighty moose.John is very tiny.
John is a an ant.John is very tiny.
John is a an ant.John is very huge.
Joyce is a sloth.Joyce is very idle and lazy.
Joyce is a sloth.Joyce is very hardworking and active.
Joyce is a a bee.Joyce is very hardworking and active.
Joyce is a a bee.Joyce is very idle and lazy.
Her legs are tree trunks.Her legs are fat.
Her legs are tree trunks.Her legs are skinny.
Her legs are sticks.Her legs are skinny.
Her legs are sticks.Her legs are fat.
That meal was as good as taking a hot shower.The meal is comforting.
That meal was as good as taking a hot shower.The meal was unsatisfying.
That meal was as good as sleeping without a cover.The meal was unsatisfying.
That meal was as good as sleeping without a cover.The meal is comforting.
Her hair was as curly as a poodle's.Her hair is curly.
Her hair was as curly as a poodle's.Her hair is straight.
Her hair was as curly as ruler.Her hair is straight.
Her hair was as curly as ruler.Her hair is curly.
That mother had the character of a honey badger.The mother is a terrible person.
That mother had the character of a honey badger.The mother is a kindly person.
That mother had the character of a quokka.The mother is a kindly person.
That mother had the character of a quokka.The mother is a terrible person.
The actor is a bushwacker.The actor is sloppy.
The actor is a bushwacker.The actor is careful.
The actor is a ballerina.The actor is careful.
The actor is a ballerina.The actor is sloppy.
The nurse is a yeti.The nurse is sloppy.
The nurse is a yeti.The nurse is careful.
The nurse is a sculptor.The nurse is careful.
The nurse is a sculptor.The nurse is sloppy.
The carpenter hit the nail with the force of a feather floating to the ground.The carpenter hit the nail softly.
The carpenter hit the nail with the force of a feather floating to the ground.The carpenter hit the nail very hard.
The carpenter hit the nail with the force of an artillery shell hitting a brick wall.The carpenter hit the nail very hard.
The carpenter hit the nail with the force of an artillery shell hitting a brick wall.The carpenter hit the nail softly.
The detective had to instincts of a drunken moose.The detective was dull-witted.
The detective had to instincts of a drunken moose.The detective was intelligent.
The detective had to instincts of sherlock holmes.The detective was intelligent.
The detective had to instincts of sherlock holmes.The detective was dull-witted.
The politician was as conniving as a house of cards character.The politician was manipulative, only concerned with power, and loose with the truth.
The politician was as conniving as a house of cards character.The politician was innocent, sweet, and gentle in his disposition.
The politician was as conniving as a corgi.The politician was innocent, sweet, and gentle in his disposition.
The politician was as conniving as a corgi.The politician was manipulative, only concerned with power, and loose with the truth.
The man's outfit makes him look as sharp as a university professor.The man's outfit makes him look well put-together.
The man's outfit makes him look as sharp as a university professor.The man's outfit makes him look tawdry.
The man's outfit makes him look as sharp as a plumber.The man's outfit makes him look tawdry.
The man's outfit makes him look as sharp as a plumber.The man's outfit makes him look well put-together.
Her attention to detail was like a first grader's.She paid no attention to detail.
Her attention to detail was like a first grader's.She paid a lot of attention to detail.
Her attention to detail was like an attorney's.She paid a lot of attention to detail.
Her attention to detail was like an attorney's.She paid no attention to detail.
The artist has the personality of a rotten birch tree.The artist is mean.
The artist has the personality of a rotten birch tree.The artist is kind.
The artist has the personality of an elderly oak tree.The artist is kind.
The artist has the personality of an elderly oak tree.The artist is mean.
He works like he's attached to the energy grid.He works really hard.
He works like he's attached to the energy grid.He doesn't work really hard.
He works like like he's run out of charge.He doesn't work really hard.
He works like like he's run out of charge.He works really hard.
He can jump like a cat smelling wet food.He can jump really well.
He can jump like a cat smelling wet food.He can't jump really well.
He can jump like a cat with arthritis.He can't jump really well.
He can jump like a cat with arthritis.He can jump really well.
She has the instincts of a viscous cobra.She has aggressive instincts.
She has the instincts of a viscous cobra.She has docile instincts.
She has the instincts of a domesticated sheep.She has docile instincts.
She has the instincts of a domesticated sheep.She has aggressive instincts.
The team worked with the cohesion of an automated assembly line.The team worked cohesively.
The team worked with the cohesion of an automated assembly line.The team was disorganized.
The team worked with the cohesion of a gaggle of wild geese.The team was disorganized.
The team worked with the cohesion of a gaggle of wild geese.The team worked cohesively.
The wild love between the two was a supernova.The love was really wild.
The wild love between the two was a supernova.The love was not very wild.
The wild love between the two was a warm glass of milk.The love was not very wild.
The wild love between the two was a warm glass of milk.The love was really wild.
Their love was a psych ward.Their love was madness.
Their love was a psych ward.Their love was not mad.
Their love was the discharge unit of a psych ward.Their love was not mad.
Their love was the discharge unit of a psych ward.Their love was madness.
Their love was a garden.Their love was natural and wild.
Their love was a garden.Their love was tame and man made.
Their love was a city block.Their love was tame and man made.
Their love was a city block.Their love was natural and wild.
The man is as anxious as a kid at the dentist's office.The man is extremely anxious.
The man is as anxious as a kid at the dentist's office.The man is very calm.
The man is as anxious as a child who's asleep.The man is very calm.
The man is as anxious as a child who's asleep.The man is extremely anxious.
The girl's skin is as pale as milk.The girl's skin is super pale.
The girl's skin is as pale as milk.The girl's skin is tan.
The girl's skin is as pale as caramel sauce.The girl's skin is tan.
The girl's skin is as pale as caramel sauce.The girl's skin is super pale.
After finishing his invention he felt like thomas edison.The invention was very well done.
After finishing his invention he felt like thomas edison.The invention did not come out very well.
After finishing his invention he felt like dumb and dumber.The invention did not come out very well.
After finishing his invention he felt like dumb and dumber.The invention was very well done.
Man that boy has the brains of a dog eaten shoe.The boy is not very smart.
Man that boy has the brains of a dog eaten shoe.The boy is a genius.
Man that boy has the brains of a grandmaster chess player.The boy is a genius.
Man that boy has the brains of a grandmaster chess player.The boy is not very smart.
The wild has the beauty of a colorful parrot.The wild is attractive and eye catching.
The wild has the beauty of a colorful parrot.The wild is small and boring looking.
The wild has the beauty of a mole.The wild is small and boring looking.
The wild has the beauty of a mole.The wild is attractive and eye catching.
These chips have the crunch of an uncooked bowl of ramen.The chips are super crunchy.
These chips have the crunch of an uncooked bowl of ramen.They lack any crunch.
These chips have the crunch of an overcooked bowl of ramen.They lack any crunch.
These chips have the crunch of an overcooked bowl of ramen.The chips are super crunchy.
The story was as sad as a funeral.The story was sad.
The story was as sad as a funeral.The story was fun and happy.
The story was as sad as a party.The story was fun and happy.
The story was as sad as a party.The story was sad.
The fish was as big as an ox.The fish was large.
The fish was as big as an ox.The fish was small.
The fish was as big as a pebble.The fish was small.
The fish was as big as a pebble.The fish was large.
The pizza tastes like a cardboard box.The pizza is stale.
The pizza tastes like a cardboard box.The pizza is delicious.
The pizza tastes like a thanksgiving dinner.The pizza is delicious.
The pizza tastes like a thanksgiving dinner.The pizza is stale.
That person has the strength of a gorilla.The person is strong.
That person has the strength of a gorilla.The person is weak.
That person has the strength of a cotton ball.The person is weak.
That person has the strength of a cotton ball.The person is strong.
She has the personality of a cookie.She is friendly.
She has the personality of a cookie.She is mean.
She has the personality of a crocodile.She is mean.
She has the personality of a crocodile.She is friendly.
His stomach was as loud as thunder.His stomach was loud.
His stomach was as loud as thunder.His stomach was quiet.
His stomach was as loud as a moment of silence.His stomach was quiet.
His stomach was as loud as a moment of silence.His stomach was loud.
The dish is as tasty as a pair of gym shorts.The meal is disgusting.
The dish is as tasty as a pair of gym shorts.The meal is delicious.
The dish is as tasty as a michelin starred meal.The meal is delicious.
The dish is as tasty as a michelin starred meal.The meal is disgusting.
She is a california wildfire.She is destructive.
She is a california wildfire.She is helpful.
She is a sunday rain.She is helpful.
She is a sunday rain.She is destructive.
He has the hearing of a vampire bat.He has good hearing.
He has the hearing of a vampire bat.His hearing is very poor.
He has the hearing of a fossilized earthworm.His hearing is very poor.
He has the hearing of a fossilized earthworm.He has good hearing.
The book had the sophistication of a knock-knock joke.The book is simplistic.
The book had the sophistication of a knock-knock joke.The book has depth.
The book had the sophistication of a poem by keats.The book has depth.
The book had the sophistication of a poem by keats.The book is simplistic.
The argument is as clear as pea soup.The argument is not clear.
The argument is as clear as pea soup.The argument is very clear.
The argument is as clear as a drop of water.The argument is very clear.
The argument is as clear as a drop of water.The argument is not clear.
He divorced his wife because she became a mountain.He divorced his wife because she became stagnant and uninteresting.
He divorced his wife because she became a mountain.He divorced his wife because she became very busy.
He divorced his wife because she became a drilling machine.He divorced his wife because she became very busy.
He divorced his wife because she became a drilling machine.He divorced his wife because she became stagnant and uninteresting.
The homework assignment caught my attention as much as a billboard sign.The homework assignment commanded my attention.
The homework assignment caught my attention as much as a billboard sign.The homework assignment didn't catch my attention at all.
The homework assignment caught my attention as much as a paperclip.The homework assignment didn't catch my attention at all.
The homework assignment caught my attention as much as a paperclip.The homework assignment commanded my attention.
My teacher's lecture was as engaging as a breaking news clip.My teacher's lecture really interested me.
My teacher's lecture was as engaging as a breaking news clip.My teacher's lecture was very boring.
My teacher's lecture was as engaging as a toothpaste commercial.My teacher's lecture was very boring.
My teacher's lecture was as engaging as a toothpaste commercial.My teacher's lecture really interested me.
He played poker like a drunken sailor.He is a poor poker player.
He played poker like a drunken sailor.He is a great poker player.
He played poker like a computerized expert.He is a great poker player.
He played poker like a computerized expert.He is a poor poker player.
They are as excited as roaches near a pie.They are hyped.
They are as excited as roaches near a pie.They don't care.
They are as excited as dead lizards.They don't care.
They are as excited as dead lizards.They are hyped.
Love is as soft as a feather.Love is gentle.
Love is as soft as a feather.Love is harsh and hurtful.
Love is as hard as a car crash.Love is harsh and hurtful.
Love is as hard as a car crash.Love is gentle.
This blanket is as insulating as a wet tissue.The blanket does not keep me warm.
This blanket is as insulating as a wet tissue.The blanket keeps me very warm.
This blanket is as insulating as an alaskan snowsuit.The blanket keeps me very warm.
This blanket is as insulating as an alaskan snowsuit.The blanket does not keep me warm.
The girl's personality was as bitter as winter melon.The girl's personality was very bitter.
The girl's personality was as bitter as winter melon.The girl's personality wasn't bitter at all.
The girl's personality was as bitter as vanilla ice cream.The girl's personality wasn't bitter at all.
The girl's personality was as bitter as vanilla ice cream.The girl's personality was very bitter.
Love has the ability to make your life into a choose your own adventure novel.Love can make life fun.
Love has the ability to make your life into a choose your own adventure novel.Love can make life torturous.
Love has the ability to make your life into dante's inferno.Love can make life torturous.
Love has the ability to make your life into dante's inferno.Love can make life fun.
For him, she was gravity itself.She keeps him grounded.
For him, she was gravity itself.She keeps him free.
For him, she was a rocket ship.She keeps him free.
For him, she was a rocket ship.She keeps him grounded.
The decorations in her house were a window into her mind.The decorations allow you to see into her.
The decorations in her house were a window into her mind.The decorations obscure her true self.
The decorations in her house were a smokescreen in front of her mind.The decorations obscure her true self.
The decorations in her house were a smokescreen in front of her mind.The decorations allow you to see into her.
My love has the strength of a million elephants.My love is unbreakable.
My love has the strength of a million elephants.My love is weak.
My love has the strength of a wet piece of spaghetti.My love is weak.
My love has the strength of a wet piece of spaghetti.My love is unbreakable.
She smelled as sweet as a fresh vanilla cake pulled from the oven.She smelled wonderfully.
She smelled as sweet as a fresh vanilla cake pulled from the oven.She smelled horribly.
She smelled as sweet as cow dung and looked twice as bad.She smelled horribly.
She smelled as sweet as cow dung and looked twice as bad.She smelled wonderfully.
The music is a soothing as a screaming kid.The music is not calming.
The music is a soothing as a screaming kid.The music is very calming.
The music is a soothing as a hot bath.The music is very calming.
The music is a soothing as a hot bath.The music is not calming.
This internet speed is as fast as a cheetah.The internet is very fast.
This internet speed is as fast as a cheetah.The internet is painfully slow.
This internet speed is as fast as a snail riding a turtle.The internet is painfully slow.
This internet speed is as fast as a snail riding a turtle.The internet is very fast.
The route was as straight as a fired bullet.The route followed a straight line.
The route was as straight as a fired bullet.The route wasn't straight at all.
The route was as straight as a merry-go-round.The route wasn't straight at all.
The route was as straight as a merry-go-round.The route followed a straight line.
Her stomach is the size of a pin.Her stomach is very small.
Her stomach is the size of a pin.Her stomach is very large.
Her stomach is the size of a swimming pool.Her stomach is very large.
Her stomach is the size of a swimming pool.Her stomach is very small.
That woman is a kangaroo.She has a ton of energy.
That woman is a kangaroo.She doesn't have much energy.
That woman is a a slug.She doesn't have much energy.
That woman is a a slug.She has a ton of energy.
The knife was as sharp as a samurai sword.The knife was very sharp.
The knife was as sharp as a samurai sword.The knife wasn't sharp at all.
The knife was as sharp as a plastic spoon.The knife wasn't sharp at all.
The knife was as sharp as a plastic spoon.The knife was very sharp.
Her idea was like a joke.Her idea was ridiculous.
Her idea was like a joke.Her idea was refreshing.
Her idea was like a breath of fresh air.Her idea was refreshing.
Her idea was like a breath of fresh air.Her idea was ridiculous.
Walking through the snow was like going through concrete.The snow was heavy.
Walking through the snow was like going through concrete.The snow was light and airy.
Walking through the snow was like stepping in fresh powder.The snow was light and airy.
Walking through the snow was like stepping in fresh powder.The snow was heavy.
His dog was like a bull in a china shop.The dog was knocking things over.
His dog was like a bull in a china shop.The dog was very well behaved.
His dog was like a disciplined child.The dog was very well behaved.
His dog was like a disciplined child.The dog was knocking things over.
The girl's personality was like a cactus.The girl had a difficult personality.
The girl's personality was like a cactus.The girl had a sweet personality.
The girl's personality was like a rose.The girl had a sweet personality.
The girl's personality was like a rose.The girl had a difficult personality.
This knife is as sharp as an unused guillotine.It's very sharp.
This knife is as sharp as an unused guillotine.It's not sharp at all.
This knife is as sharp as a newborn baby.It's not sharp at all.
This knife is as sharp as a newborn baby.It's very sharp.
He's got as many ideas as albert einstein.He has a lot of ideas.
He's got as many ideas as albert einstein.He doesn't have a lot of ideas.
He's got as many ideas as a bowl of jell-o.He doesn't have a lot of ideas.
He's got as many ideas as a bowl of jell-o.He has a lot of ideas.
He's as serious as a cancer diagnosis.He's very serious.
He's as serious as a cancer diagnosis.He's not very serious.
He's as serious as a guinea pig.He's not very serious.
He's as serious as a guinea pig.He's very serious.
You're as sharp as a knife.You're sharp.
You're as sharp as a knife.You're dull.
You're as sharp as a rock.You're dull.
You're as sharp as a rock.You're sharp.
She was as beautiful as a blobfish.She was ugly.
She was as beautiful as a blobfish.She was pretty.
She was as beautiful as a majestic unicorn.She was pretty.
She was as beautiful as a majestic unicorn.She was ugly.
His thought process was as straight forward as a plate of spaghetti.His thought process is confusing.
His thought process was as straight forward as a plate of spaghetti.His thought process is clear.
His thought process was as straight forward as a yard stick.His thought process is clear.
His thought process was as straight forward as a yard stick.His thought process is confusing.
Owning a cat is like being a servant.Owning a cat is demanding.
Owning a cat is like being a servant.Owning a cat is like having to protect your possessions.
Owning a cat is like being a security guard.Owning a cat is like having to protect your possessions.
Owning a cat is like being a security guard.Owning a cat is demanding.
Adjusting for inflation, the money was valuable as diamonds.The money is valuable.
Adjusting for inflation, the money was valuable as diamonds.The money is worthless.
Adjusting for inflation, the money was valuable as garbage.The money is worthless.
Adjusting for inflation, the money was valuable as garbage.The money is valuable.
Her love was a seedling.Her love was growing.
Her love was a seedling.Her love was dying.
Her love was a rotting apple.Her love was dying.
Her love was a rotting apple.Her love was growing.
The girl is as easy to see through as a bowl of grape jelly.The girl is hard to figure out.
The girl is as easy to see through as a bowl of grape jelly.The girl is easy to read.
The girl is as easy to see through as a windowpane.The girl is easy to read.
The girl is as easy to see through as a windowpane.The girl is hard to figure out.
His gaze is like granite.His gaze is cold, unmoving.
His gaze is like granite.His gaze is warm and friendly.
His gaze is like a teddy bear.His gaze is warm and friendly.
His gaze is like a teddy bear.His gaze is cold, unmoving.
She entered the room like a snake.She entered sneakily.
She entered the room like a snake.She crashed her way in.
She entered the room like an elephant.She crashed her way in.
She entered the room like an elephant.She entered sneakily.
The test was a walk in the park.The test was easy.
The test was a walk in the park.The test was hard.
The test was black death.The test was hard.
The test was black death.The test was easy.
The cake was as hard as a rock.The cake was hard.
The cake was as hard as a rock.The cake was light.
The cake was as light as a feather.The cake was light.
The cake was as light as a feather.The cake was hard.
Her gaze pierced your soul like a sharp sword.She could look right through you.
Her gaze pierced your soul like a sharp sword.She only sees the outside of a person.
Her gaze pierced your soul like piece of salami.She only sees the outside of a person.
Her gaze pierced your soul like piece of salami.She could look right through you.
The argument has the sting of a violent war.The argument was biting.
The argument has the sting of a violent war.The argument was weak.
The argument has the sting of a marshmallow fortress.The argument was weak.
The argument has the sting of a marshmallow fortress.The argument was biting.
The girl has the beauty of the mona lisa.The girl is beautiful.
The girl has the beauty of the mona lisa.The girl is ugly.
The girl has the beauty of a trash can.The girl is ugly.
The girl has the beauty of a trash can.The girl is beautiful.
The weather outside has the temperature of a volcano.The weather outside is very hot.
The weather outside has the temperature of a volcano.The weather outside is very cold.
The weather outside has the temperature of the arctic.The weather outside is very cold.
The weather outside has the temperature of the arctic.The weather outside is very hot.
The argument is as well written as twilight.The argument is written badly.
The argument is as well written as twilight.The argument is written well.
The argument is as well written as the great gatsby.The argument is written well.
The argument is as well written as the great gatsby.The argument is written badly.
The girl's lips are as loose as a virgin.The girl keeps secrets well.
The girl's lips are as loose as a virgin.The girl can't keep a secret.
The girl's lips are as loose as a prostitute.The girl can't keep a secret.
The girl's lips are as loose as a prostitute.The girl keeps secrets well.
The document is as official as a government treaty.The document has a lot of formalities.
The document is as official as a government treaty.The document isn't official at all.
The document is as official as some writing on a napkin.The document isn't official at all.
The document is as official as some writing on a napkin.The document has a lot of formalities.
The argument appears as a crystal clear spring.The argument makes sense.
The argument appears as a crystal clear spring.The argument is senseless.
The argument appears as a muddy rut.The argument is senseless.
The argument appears as a muddy rut.The argument makes sense.
The gamer was a god.The gamer has exceptional skills and impressive powers and abilities in the game.
The gamer was a god.The gamer was new, not execeptional,  and below average.
The gamer was a peon.The gamer was new, not execeptional,  and below average.
The gamer was a peon.The gamer has exceptional skills and impressive powers and abilities in the game.
The lawyer is a pig.The lawyer is lazy.
The lawyer is a pig.The lawyer guides his client very well in the lawsuit.
The lawyer is a lighthouse for his client.The lawyer guides his client very well in the lawsuit.
The lawyer is a lighthouse for his client.The lawyer is lazy.
This car is faster than a speeding bullet.The car is ridiculously fast.
This car is faster than a speeding bullet.The car is not fast at all.
This car is faster than a snail.The car is not fast at all.
This car is faster than a snail.The car is ridiculously fast.
The car hit the rail like a bowling ball hitting pins.The car hit hard.
The car hit the rail like a bowling ball hitting pins.The car hit softly.
The car hit the rail like a feather landing.The car hit softly.
The car hit the rail like a feather landing.The car hit hard.
The food was served at a temperature that was a fiery inferno.The food was hot.
The food was served at a temperature that was a fiery inferno.The food was cold.
The food was served at a temperature that was a block of ice.The food was cold.
The food was served at a temperature that was a block of ice.The food was hot.
She runs like a rocket.She runs and sprints very fast.
She runs like a rocket.She runs in a very slow and labored pace.
She runs like a slug.She runs in a very slow and labored pace.
She runs like a slug.She runs and sprints very fast.
The teacher said that the student had the brain of a gnat.The student is dumb.
The teacher said that the student had the brain of a gnat.The student is smart.
The teacher said that the student had the brain of a rocket scientist.The student is smart.
The teacher said that the student had the brain of a rocket scientist.The student is dumb.
The book had a plot that many would find as boring as watching paint dry.The book is boring.
The book had a plot that many would find as boring as watching paint dry.The book is exciting.
The book had a plot that many would find as exciting as a three-ring circus.The book is exciting.
The book had a plot that many would find as exciting as a three-ring circus.The book is boring.
The family was as friendly as a pack of wolves.The family was very mean.
The family was as friendly as a pack of wolves.The family was very friendly.
The family was as friendly as a greeter at disneyland.The family was very friendly.
The family was as friendly as a greeter at disneyland.The family was very mean.
She is as fast as light coming out of the big bang.She is fast.
She is as fast as light coming out of the big bang.She is slow.
She is as fast as my grandma trying to walk on water.She is slow.
She is as fast as my grandma trying to walk on water.She is fast.
Time is as precious as a piece of gold.Time is very important.
Time is as precious as a piece of gold.Time can be thrown away.
Time is as precious as a piece of garbage.Time can be thrown away.
Time is as precious as a piece of garbage.Time is very important.
The milk was a cold as as a warm blanket.The milk was not cold at all.
The milk was a cold as as a warm blanket.The milk was very cold.
The milk was a cold as as an icicle in a snowstorm.The milk was very cold.
The milk was a cold as as an icicle in a snowstorm.The milk was not cold at all.
The group drinking at the bar was as loud as a butterfly landing on a flower.The group was very quiet.
The group drinking at the bar was as loud as a butterfly landing on a flower.The group was very loud.
The group drinking at the bar was as loud as a dump truck picking up broken glass.The group was very loud.
The group drinking at the bar was as loud as a dump truck picking up broken glass.The group was very quiet.
The train was a fast as a new york minute.The train was very fast.
The train was a fast as a new york minute.The train was very slow.
The train was a fast as a 80 year old.The train was very slow.
The train was a fast as a 80 year old.The train was very fast.
The professor's argument had the clarity of a crystal glass.The argument is very clear, easy to see, almost transparent.
The professor's argument had the clarity of a crystal glass.The argument is impenetrable, hard to see, not clear.
The professor's argument had the clarity of a marine fog.The argument is impenetrable, hard to see, not clear.
The professor's argument had the clarity of a marine fog.The argument is very clear, easy to see, almost transparent.
The fortress was as solid as the deepest earthen bedrock.The fortress is strong, durable, and hard.
The fortress was as solid as the deepest earthen bedrock.The fortress is flimsy, fragile, and weak.
The fortress was as solid as a tattered mosquito netting.The fortress is flimsy, fragile, and weak.
The fortress was as solid as a tattered mosquito netting.The fortress is strong, durable, and hard.
The dancer had the grace of an elephant.The dancer was clumsy.
The dancer had the grace of an elephant.The dancer was light on her feet.
The dancer had the grace of a buttefly in flight.The dancer was light on her feet.
The dancer had the grace of a buttefly in flight.The dancer was clumsy.
The argument was world war 3.The argument was huge.
The argument was world war 3.The argument was insignificant.
The argument was a hiccup.The argument was insignificant.
The argument was a hiccup.The argument was huge.
The headlight was as bright as a sun.The headlight was very bright.
The headlight was as bright as a sun.The headlight was very dim.
The headlight was as bright as a dim candle.The headlight was very dim.
The headlight was as bright as a dim candle.The headlight was very bright.
The book has the pace of a glacier.The book is very slow.
The book has the pace of a glacier.The book is fast paced.
The book has the pace of a raging storm.The book is fast paced.
The book has the pace of a raging storm.The book is very slow.
The cheat code is as long as a subatomic particle.The cheat code is short.
The cheat code is as long as a subatomic particle.The cheat code is very long.
The cheat code is as long as a nautical light year.The cheat code is very long.
The cheat code is as long as a nautical light year.The cheat code is short.
A night the town is as dark as the surface of the sun.The town is well-lit at night.
A night the town is as dark as the surface of the sun.The town is very dark at night.
A night the town is as dark as a black hole.The town is very dark at night.
A night the town is as dark as a black hole.The town is well-lit at night.
The digest contained the detail of a kindergartener's primer.The digest's contents is simple.
The digest contained the detail of a kindergartener's primer.The digest was very detailed.
The digest contained the detail of tolstoy's war and peace.The digest was very detailed.
The digest contained the detail of tolstoy's war and peace.The digest's contents is simple.
The news was as hard to digest as a wet cracker.The news was easy to understand.
The news was as hard to digest as a wet cracker.The news was hard to understand.
The news was as hard to digest as a bowl filled with diamonds and stones.The news was hard to understand.
The news was as hard to digest as a bowl filled with diamonds and stones.The news was easy to understand.
He was able to lie as well as ricky gervais' character in "the invention of lying".He was a good liar.
He was able to lie as well as ricky gervais' character in "the invention of lying".He was a poor liar.
He was able to lie as well as ricky gervais' character in "the office"".He was a poor liar.
He was able to lie as well as ricky gervais' character in "the office"".He was a good liar.
He had as many skeletons in his closet as as there were kids trapped in '50s refrigerators.He has a lot of skeletons in his closet.
He had as many skeletons in his closet as as there were kids trapped in '50s refrigerators.He has few skeletons in his closet.
He had as many skeletons in his closet as as america has impeached its presidents.He has few skeletons in his closet.
He had as many skeletons in his closet as as america has impeached its presidents.He has a lot of skeletons in his closet.
He has the cleanliness of a fly.He is not a clean person.
He has the cleanliness of a fly.He is a very clean person.
He has the cleanliness of a shiny mirror.He is a very clean person.
He has the cleanliness of a shiny mirror.He is not a clean person.
His eye contact was like that of a yoyo.He had terrible eye contact.
His eye contact was like that of a yoyo.He had great eye contact.
His eye contact was like that of a laser.He had great eye contact.
His eye contact was like that of a laser.He had terrible eye contact.
His voice is like a ballad.His voice is very calm and soothing.
His voice is like a ballad.His voice is very loud.
His voice is like a train.His voice is very loud.
His voice is like a train.His voice is very calm and soothing.
He cheated as much as jesus and the twelve apostles.He did not cheat.
He cheated as much as jesus and the twelve apostles.He cheated a lot.
He cheated as much as al capone.He cheated a lot.
He cheated as much as al capone.He did not cheat.
The night was as dark as ink.The night was dark.
The night was as dark as ink.The night was not  dark.
The night was as dark as a super nova.The night was not  dark.
The night was as dark as a super nova.The night was dark.
The food can be digested as easily as melba toast.The food can be digested easily.
The food can be digested as easily as melba toast.The food can not be digested easily.
The food can be digested as easily as a piece of granite.The food can not be digested easily.
The food can be digested as easily as a piece of granite.The food can be digested easily.
Cheating on her diet made the woman feel like a kid hiding candy under their pillow.The cheating was no big deal.
Cheating on her diet made the woman feel like a kid hiding candy under their pillow.The cheating was really serious.
Cheating on her diet made the woman feel like a kid stealing money out of their mother's purse.The cheating was really serious.
Cheating on her diet made the woman feel like a kid stealing money out of their mother's purse.The cheating was no big deal.
The night was so dark it reminded her of swirling pitch black coffee.The dark night was bearable.
The night was so dark it reminded her of swirling pitch black coffee.The dark night was terrifying.
The night was so dark it reminded her of gore in a horror movie.The dark night was terrifying.
The night was so dark it reminded her of gore in a horror movie.The dark night was bearable.
Digesting the turkey was as easy as finishing an entire cheesecake yourself.It was tough to digest a turkey.
Digesting the turkey was as easy as finishing an entire cheesecake yourself.Digesting the turkey was easy.
Digesting the turkey was as easy as eating a handful of baby carrots.Digesting the turkey was easy.
Digesting the turkey was as easy as eating a handful of baby carrots.It was tough to digest a turkey.
Mary's voice is music to my ears.Mary is a good singer.
Mary's voice is music to my ears.Mary does not know how to sing.
Mary's voice is like a screeching owl.Mary does not know how to sing.
Mary's voice is like a screeching owl.Mary is a good singer.
Benjamin has a heart of gold.Benjamin is kind.
Benjamin has a heart of gold.Benjamin is bitter.
Benjamin has a heart of stone.Benjamin is bitter.
Benjamin has a heart of stone.Benjamin is kind.
He is as cute as a button.He is adorable.
He is as cute as a button.He is ugly.
He is as cute as a clown.He is ugly.
He is as cute as a clown.He is adorable.
The story possessed the sophistication of a first grade primer.The story is very simple and unsophisticated.
The story possessed the sophistication of a first grade primer.The story is detailed and sophisticated.
The story possessed the sophistication of a writing by tolstoy.The story is detailed and sophisticated.
The story possessed the sophistication of a writing by tolstoy.The story is very simple and unsophisticated.
The illness had the seriousness of a small kid with the sniffles.The illness is not serious.
The illness had the seriousness of a small kid with the sniffles.The illness is deadly and serious.
The illness had the seriousness of a king with the bubonic plague.The illness is deadly and serious.
The illness had the seriousness of a king with the bubonic plague.The illness is not serious.
The sun in the newly discovered solar system had the power of a 2 watt light bulb.The sun in the newly discovered solar system is weak.
The sun in the newly discovered solar system had the power of a 2 watt light bulb.The sun in the newly discovered solar system is powerful and bright.
The sun in the newly discovered solar system had the power of a thousand stars going supernova.The sun in the newly discovered solar system is powerful and bright.
The sun in the newly discovered solar system had the power of a thousand stars going supernova.The sun in the newly discovered solar system is weak.
The waterway was as wide as the ocean.The waterway was really wide.
The waterway was as wide as the ocean.The waterway was really narrow.
The waterway was as wide as a string.The waterway was really narrow.
The waterway was as wide as a string.The waterway was really wide.
The pencil was as yellow as a squash.The pencil was very yellow.
The pencil was as yellow as a squash.The pencil was not very yellow.
The pencil was as yellow as a cow.The pencil was not very yellow.
The pencil was as yellow as a cow.The pencil was very yellow.
The scissors were as sharp as a knife.The scissors were really sharp.
The scissors were as sharp as a knife.The scissors were really dull.
The scissors were as sharp as a spoon.The scissors were really dull.
The scissors were as sharp as a spoon.The scissors were really sharp.
The story made as much sense as hansel and gretel forgoing the gingerbread and baking the witch for dinner.The story made no sense.
The story made as much sense as hansel and gretel forgoing the gingerbread and baking the witch for dinner.The story made obvious sense.
The story made as much sense as diarrhea with dysentery.The story made obvious sense.
The story made as much sense as diarrhea with dysentery.The story made no sense.
The reasoning leadership uses to make decisions is like the meaning of life.The reasoning leadership uses to make decisions is unclear.
The reasoning leadership uses to make decisions is like the meaning of life.The reasoning leadership uses to make decisions is obvious.
The reasoning leadership uses to make decisions is like the instructions that come with a toaster.The reasoning leadership uses to make decisions is obvious.
The reasoning leadership uses to make decisions is like the instructions that come with a toaster.The reasoning leadership uses to make decisions is unclear.
Peanut butter and tomato ice cream is as appealing as strawberries in dog vomit.Peanut butter and tomato ice cream is disgusting.
Peanut butter and tomato ice cream is as appealing as strawberries in dog vomit.Peanut butter and tomato ice cream is appealing.
Peanut butter and tomato ice cream is as appealing as cold watermelon at a summer picnic.Peanut butter and tomato ice cream is appealing.
Peanut butter and tomato ice cream is as appealing as cold watermelon at a summer picnic.Peanut butter and tomato ice cream is disgusting.
The football game was a trainwreck.Bad.
The football game was a trainwreck.Amazing.
The football game was a dream come true.Amazing.
The football game was a dream come true.Bad.
The tv show was like watching paint dry.Boring.
The tv show was like watching paint dry.Interesting.
The tv show was toe curling.Interesting.
The tv show was toe curling.Boring.
My bank account is yelling at me.Spending too much money.
My bank account is yelling at me.A high balance.
My bank account is very nice.A high balance.
My bank account is very nice.Spending too much money.
The story was an enthralling as a floor plan.The story was not enthralling.
The story was an enthralling as a floor plan.The story was enthralling.
The story was an enthralling as a stephen king book.The story was enthralling.
The story was an enthralling as a stephen king book.The story was not enthralling.
The day was as bright as a coal mine.The day was not bright.
The day was as bright as a coal mine.The day was bright.
The day was as bright as ten high-beam headlights.The day was bright.
The day was as bright as ten high-beam headlights.The day was not bright.
His illness was as serious as the funny papers.His illness was not serious.
His illness was as serious as the funny papers.His illness was serious.
His illness was as serious as an undertaker.His illness was serious.
His illness was as serious as an undertaker.His illness was not serious.
The story was as long as a road trip.It lasted forever.
The story was as long as a road trip.It was really short.
The story was as long as a toenail.It was really short.
The story was as long as a toenail.It lasted forever.
The poem was as funny as a comedian.It was hilarious.
The poem was as funny as a comedian.It wasn't funny at all.
The poem was as funny as a funeral for twins.It wasn't funny at all.
The poem was as funny as a funeral for twins.It was hilarious.
The burger was as tasty as a buffett.It was great.
The burger was as tasty as a buffett.It was nasty.
The burger was as tasty as a dead mouse.It was nasty.
The burger was as tasty as a dead mouse.It was great.
He's probably an inch taller than a lightpole.He is tall.
He's probably an inch taller than a lightpole.He is short.
He's probably an inch taller than a leprachaun.He is short.
He's probably an inch taller than a leprachaun.He is tall.
That water came straight from a glacier.The water is cool, clean and crisp.
That water came straight from a glacier.The water is murky and nasty.
That water came straight from a backwoods creek.The water is murky and nasty.
That water came straight from a backwoods creek.The water is cool, clean and crisp.
He would be a great actor for homer simpson.He is not smart.
He would be a great actor for homer simpson.He is smart.
He would be a great actor for albert einstein.He is smart.
He would be a great actor for albert einstein.He is not smart.
That monster was as scary as the devil.That monster was scary.
That monster was as scary as the devil.That monster was not scary.
That monster was as scary as a bunny.That monster was not scary.
That monster was as scary as a bunny.That monster was scary.
Those secrets were buried as deep as the earth's core.The secrets were buried deep.
Those secrets were buried as deep as the earth's core.The secrets were not buried deep.
Those secrets were buried as deep as a pothole.The secrets were not buried deep.
Those secrets were buried as deep as a pothole.The secrets were buried deep.
My odds are as high as a two-headed coin flip.My odds are certain.
My odds are as high as a two-headed coin flip.My odds are low.
My odds are as high as the lottery.My odds are low.
My odds are as high as the lottery.My odds are certain.
The statement caused as much panic as a gun pointed at ones head.The statement caused panic.
The statement caused as much panic as a gun pointed at ones head.The statement caused no  panic.
The statement caused as much panic as an ice cream cone.The statement caused no  panic.
The statement caused as much panic as an ice cream cone.The statement caused panic.
It was buried as deep as an oil well.It was buried deep.
It was buried as deep as an oil well.It was not buried deep.
It was buried as deep as a bathtub.It was not buried deep.
It was buried as deep as a bathtub.It was buried deep.
In the morning he looked like don johnson in his prime.In the morning he looked good.
In the morning he looked like don johnson in his prime.In the morning he looked bad.
In the morning he looked like henny youngman in his prime.In the morning he looked bad.
In the morning he looked like henny youngman in his prime.In the morning he looked good.
The more she cleans her house like the smell of lysol.She enjoys cleaning.
The more she cleans her house like the smell of lysol.She doesn't like cleaning up.
The more she cleans her house wishes she had a job.She doesn't like cleaning up.
The more she cleans her house wishes she had a job.She enjoys cleaning.
The flavor of the pastry reminded her of homemade jam.The pastry tasted authentic.
The flavor of the pastry reminded her of homemade jam.The pastry tasted artificial.
The flavor of the pastry reminded her of grape soda.The pastry tasted artificial.
The flavor of the pastry reminded her of grape soda.The pastry tasted authentic.
The bouquet that she received was as pretty as a botanical garden.The bouquet was full and lush.
The bouquet that she received was as pretty as a botanical garden.The bouquet was dry and sparse.
The bouquet that she received was as pretty as rose stickers.The bouquet was dry and sparse.
The bouquet that she received was as pretty as rose stickers.The bouquet was full and lush.
The toddler has the cheerfulness of a million butterflies flying into the horizon.The toddler is really cheerful and happy.
The toddler has the cheerfulness of a million butterflies flying into the horizon.The toddler is really sad.
The toddler has the cheerfulness of a deserted building.The toddler is really sad.
The toddler has the cheerfulness of a deserted building.The toddler is really cheerful and happy.
The woman talking to the cashier has the audacity of a cheetah letting its prey bleed out.The woman is being assertive and rude to the cashier to get her way.
The woman talking to the cashier has the audacity of a cheetah letting its prey bleed out.The woman is too scared to speak up her wants to the cashier.
The woman talking to the cashier has the audacity of a comatose lizard.The woman is too scared to speak up her wants to the cashier.
The woman talking to the cashier has the audacity of a comatose lizard.The woman is being assertive and rude to the cashier to get her way.
The monster has the fear factor of the devil being multiplied by a thousand.The monster is scary.
The monster has the fear factor of the devil being multiplied by a thousand.The monster wouldn't be able to scare anyone.
The monster has the fear factor of a puppy wearing a polkadot bikini.The monster wouldn't be able to scare anyone.
The monster has the fear factor of a puppy wearing a polkadot bikini.The monster is scary.
It was as hard as a stone.It was very hard.
It was as hard as a stone.It was soft.
It was as hard as a pillow.It was soft.
It was as hard as a pillow.It was very hard.
It was shiny like glitter.It was very shiny.
It was shiny like glitter.It was not shiny at all.
It was shiny like rust.It was not shiny at all.
It was shiny like rust.It was very shiny.
He was anxious like a lion.He wasn't anxious at all.
He was anxious like a lion.He was very anxious.
He was anxious like a chihuaha.He was very anxious.
He was anxious like a chihuaha.He wasn't anxious at all.
The sauce had the richness of bill gates.The sauce had richness.
The sauce had the richness of bill gates.The sauce had no richness.
The sauce had the richness of a shelter occupant.The sauce had no richness.
The sauce had the richness of a shelter occupant.The sauce had richness.
He was buried beneath a landfill.He was buried deeply.
He was buried beneath a landfill.He was buried shallowly.
He was buried beneath a sheet of paper.He was buried shallowly.
He was buried beneath a sheet of paper.He was buried deeply.
His guilt was an elephant.He had a lot of guilt.
His guilt was an elephant.He had no guilt.
His guilt was an absentee.He had no guilt.
His guilt was an absentee.He had a lot of guilt.
That joke was as funny as falling off a building.That joke was not really funny at all.
That joke was as funny as falling off a building.That joke was pretty funny.
That joke was as funny as a jim carry movie.That joke was pretty funny.
That joke was as funny as a jim carry movie.That joke was not really funny at all.
That seminar instructor was sharp as round rock.That seminar instructor was not very intelligent.
That seminar instructor was sharp as round rock.That seminar instructor was highly intelligent.
That seminar instructor was sharp as a new razor blade.That seminar instructor was highly intelligent.
That seminar instructor was sharp as a new razor blade.That seminar instructor was not very intelligent.
My father was as wise as an old elephant.My father was a very wise man.
My father was as wise as an old elephant.My father was a fool.
My father was as wise as a court jester.My father was a fool.
My father was as wise as a court jester.My father was a very wise man.
You are being a cow.Someone is eating more than they should be.
You are being a cow.Someone is acting like they will run off at any moment.
You are being a bird.Someone is acting like they will run off at any moment.
You are being a bird.Someone is eating more than they should be.
You are a nazi.The person is acting mean and abusive.
You are a nazi.The person is patient.
You are a saint.The person is patient.
You are a saint.The person is acting mean and abusive.
Your multi-level-marketing salespitch is making me turn into a monster.The sales pitch is upsetting someone.
Your multi-level-marketing salespitch is making me turn into a monster.The sales pitch was persuasive.
Your multi-level-marketing salespitch is making me turn into a partner.The sales pitch was persuasive.
Your multi-level-marketing salespitch is making me turn into a partner.The sales pitch is upsetting someone.
Sam is dumb as a box of rocks.Sam is not smart.
Sam is dumb as a box of rocks.Sam does not have a brain.
Sam is dumb as a cardboard house.Sam does not have a brain.
Sam is dumb as a cardboard house.Sam is not smart.
The monk taught the children with the expertise of a poorly educated horse.The monk is a bad teacher.
The monk taught the children with the expertise of a poorly educated horse.The monk is a great teacher.
The monk taught the children with the expertise of aristotle on a good day.The monk is a great teacher.
The monk taught the children with the expertise of aristotle on a good day.The monk is a bad teacher.
The picture of the city has the clarity of a window covered with frost.The picture is blurry and opaque.
The picture of the city has the clarity of a window covered with frost.The picture is detailed and clear.
The picture of the city has the clarity of an open window to a clear sunny day.The picture is detailed and clear.
The picture of the city has the clarity of an open window to a clear sunny day.The picture is blurry and opaque.
To the patient, the past had the clarity of a forgotten dream.The patient does not remember the past.
To the patient, the past had the clarity of a forgotten dream.The patient remembers the past very well.
To the patient, the past had the clarity of a memory with the permanence of stone.The patient remembers the past very well.
To the patient, the past had the clarity of a memory with the permanence of stone.The patient does not remember the past.
The monk's incantations were like booming thunder.The monk's incantations were loud.
The monk's incantations were like booming thunder.The monk's incantations were quiet.
The monk's incantations were like a whispering wind.The monk's incantations were quiet.
The monk's incantations were like a whispering wind.The monk's incantations were loud.
The center of the pie was a block of ice.The pie was cold.
The center of the pie was a block of ice.The pie was hot.
The center of the pie was molten lava.The pie was hot.
The center of the pie was molten lava.The pie was cold.
The pie's texture was like cardboard.The pie was dry.
The pie's texture was like cardboard.The pie was soggy.
The pie's texture was like a wet rag.The pie was soggy.
The pie's texture was like a wet rag.The pie was dry.
The monk had the holiness of jesus christ reborn as the pope.The monk was very holy.
The monk had the holiness of jesus christ reborn as the pope.The monk lacked holiness.
The monk had the holiness of lucifer's misfit teenage daughter.The monk lacked holiness.
The monk had the holiness of lucifer's misfit teenage daughter.The monk was very holy.
He lost all the money of his wife, his son, and his unborn grandchildren.He lost a lot of money.
He lost all the money of his wife, his son, and his unborn grandchildren.He lost no money.
He lost all the money of the lint in his pockets.He lost no money.
He lost all the money of the lint in his pockets.He lost a lot of money.
The top had the spin of a drunk on a carnival ride.The top spun a lot.
The top had the spin of a drunk on a carnival ride.The top did not spin at all.
The top had the spin of the pyramids in the desert.The top did not spin at all.
The top had the spin of the pyramids in the desert.The top spun a lot.
Looking into the past is like walking with an old friend.Looking into the past is nice, and reminiscent.
Looking into the past is like walking with an old friend.Looking into the past is unpleasant.
Looking into the past is like standing on lava.Looking into the past is unpleasant.
Looking into the past is like standing on lava.Looking into the past is nice, and reminiscent.
Seeing that picture was like seeing trash.Seeing that picture unpleasant.
Seeing that picture was like seeing trash.Seeing that picture was a pleasant memory.
Seeing that picture was like seeing your childs birth again.Seeing that picture was a pleasant memory.
Seeing that picture was like seeing your childs birth again.Seeing that picture unpleasant.
The monks had the honor of a knight.The monks were very honorable.
The monks had the honor of a knight.The monks were not honorable at all.
The monks had the honor of a lawyer.The monks were not honorable at all.
The monks had the honor of a lawyer.The monks were very honorable.
The monk was as quiet as a creeping roach.The monk was silent.
The monk was as quiet as a creeping roach.The monk was loud.
The monk was as quiet as a barking dog.The monk was loud.
The monk was as quiet as a barking dog.The monk was silent.
The picture was as clear as daylight.It was very easy to see.
The picture was as clear as daylight.It was hard to see.
The picture was as clear as the sky at midnight.It was hard to see.
The picture was as clear as the sky at midnight.It was very easy to see.
The past was as positive as a church on sunday.It was good.
The past was as positive as a church on sunday.It was awful.
The past was as positive as a depressed man's bedroom closet.It was awful.
The past was as positive as a depressed man's bedroom closet.It was good.
Maintaining a friendship long distance is madness.It's difficult to maintain.
Maintaining a friendship long distance is madness.It's well-structured to maintain.
Maintaining a friendship long distance is discipline.It's well-structured to maintain.
Maintaining a friendship long distance is discipline.It's difficult to maintain.
This song is a car wreck.The song is terrible.
This song is a car wreck.The song is wonderful.
This song is heaven.The song is wonderful.
This song is heaven.The song is terrible.
This turkey is a masterpiece.The turkey was done wonderfully.
This turkey is a masterpiece.The turkey is dry.
This turkey is the sahara.The turkey is dry.
This turkey is the sahara.The turkey was done wonderfully.
Our group projects has us looking like the harlem globetrotters.Our group projects keep winning contests.
Our group projects has us looking like the harlem globetrotters.Our group projects keep losing to others.
Our group projects has us looking like the washington generals.Our group projects keep losing to others.
Our group projects has us looking like the washington generals.Our group projects keep winning contests.
Those guys behave like a bunch of hippos.Those guys are acting really aggressive.
Those guys behave like a bunch of hippos.Those guys are acting really friendly.
Those guys behave like a bunch of capybaras.Those guys are acting really friendly.
Those guys behave like a bunch of capybaras.Those guys are acting really aggressive.
That dog reminds us of michael myers.That dog is quite scary.
That dog reminds us of michael myers.That dog is fun-loving.
That dog reminds us lucy ricardo.That dog is fun-loving.
That dog reminds us lucy ricardo.That dog is quite scary.
Sandy had the tallness of mount everest.Sandy was tall.
Sandy had the tallness of mount everest.Sandy was short.
Sandy had the tallness of a mouse.Sandy was short.
Sandy had the tallness of a mouse.Sandy was tall.
The plant is a baby rabbit.The plant is young.
The plant is a baby rabbit.The plant is old.
The plant is a dinosaur.The plant is old.
The plant is a dinosaur.The plant is young.
The couch is a mama bear's bed.The couch is soft.
The couch is a mama bear's bed.The couch is hard.
The couch is a papa bear's bed.The couch is hard.
The couch is a papa bear's bed.The couch is soft.
These instructions are is as complex as a hedge maze.The instructions are difficult.
These instructions are is as complex as a hedge maze.The instructions are not difficult.
These instructions are is as complex as a children's book.The instructions are not difficult.
These instructions are is as complex as a children's book.The instructions are difficult.
The student was as brilliant as a famous philosopher of old.The student was very smart.
The student was as brilliant as a famous philosopher of old.The student was not very smart.
The student was as brilliant as a rock.The student was not very smart.
The student was as brilliant as a rock.The student was very smart.
The new mattress is just as comfortable as sleeping on a cloud.The mattress is comfortable.
The new mattress is just as comfortable as sleeping on a cloud.The mattress is not comfortable.
The new mattress is just as comfortable as sleeping on rocks outside.The mattress is not comfortable.
The new mattress is just as comfortable as sleeping on rocks outside.The mattress is comfortable.
The candy was sweeter than true love.It was amazing.
The candy was sweeter than true love.It was nasty.
The candy was sweeter than expired milk.It was nasty.
The candy was sweeter than expired milk.It was amazing.
The bear was as evil as a beehive that's been slapped.It is vicious.
The bear was as evil as a beehive that's been slapped.It is harmless.
The bear was as evil as a sleeping ladybug.It is harmless.
The bear was as evil as a sleeping ladybug.It is vicious.
The sky was as calm as a screaming toddler.It was intense.
The sky was as calm as a screaming toddler.It was really mellow.
The sky was as calm as a lake in the summer.It was really mellow.
The sky was as calm as a lake in the summer.It was intense.
The car has the look of stallion marching down champs-lyses.The car looks nice and strong.
The car has the look of stallion marching down champs-lyses.The car looks bad and weak.
The car has the look of retired donkey stumbling down the back alley.The car looks bad and weak.
The car has the look of retired donkey stumbling down the back alley.The car looks nice and strong.
I have the appetite of an elephant.I can eat a lot.
I have the appetite of an elephant.I eat little.
I have the appetite of a chipmunk.I eat little.
I have the appetite of a chipmunk.I can eat a lot.
Your wife has the look of a beautiful model.Your wife is pretty.
Your wife has the look of a beautiful model.Your wife is ugly.
Your wife has the look of rocky balboa after a fight.Your wife is ugly.
Your wife has the look of rocky balboa after a fight.Your wife is pretty.
The woman's to-do list is as long as an encyclopedia.The woman's to-do list is long.
The woman's to-do list is as long as an encyclopedia.The woman's to-do list is short.
The woman's to-do list is as long as a second.The woman's to-do list is short.
The woman's to-do list is as long as a second.The woman's to-do list is long.
The grading policy was as rigid as a ballerina.The grading policy was not rigid.
The grading policy was as rigid as a ballerina.The grading policy was very rigid.
The grading policy was as rigid as a log.The grading policy was very rigid.
The grading policy was as rigid as a log.The grading policy was not rigid.
The professor's ego was the size of the ocean.The professor had a massive ego.
The professor's ego was the size of the ocean.The professor's ego was tiny.
The professor's ego was the size of a grain of sand.The professor's ego was tiny.
The professor's ego was the size of a grain of sand.The professor had a massive ego.
She had the madness of a 19th century hat maker.She was quite insane.
She had the madness of a 19th century hat maker.She was thinking very clearly.
She had the madness of a monk after experiencing an epiphany.She was thinking very clearly.
She had the madness of a monk after experiencing an epiphany.She was quite insane.
The novel was as profound as a zombie watching finger family videos on youtube.The novel wasn't at all profound.
The novel was as profound as a zombie watching finger family videos on youtube.The novel was quite profound.
The novel was as profound as a philosopher had died and returned to life.The novel was quite profound.
The novel was as profound as a philosopher had died and returned to life.The novel wasn't at all profound.
He was as good a friend as woody to buzz lightyear in the first half of toy story.He wasn't a very good friend.
He was as good a friend as woody to buzz lightyear in the first half of toy story.He was an excellent friend.
He was as good a friend as woody to buzz lightyear in every toy story after the first.He was an excellent friend.
He was as good a friend as woody to buzz lightyear in every toy story after the first.He wasn't a very good friend.
The new coronavirus variant has the spread rate of a flu in a kindergarten class.The spread is very contagious.
The new coronavirus variant has the spread rate of a flu in a kindergarten class.The spread is not that contagious.
The new coronavirus variant has the spread rate of rabies.The spread is not that contagious.
The new coronavirus variant has the spread rate of rabies.The spread is very contagious.
The stock market looks bloody.The stock market is on a decline.
The stock market looks bloody.The stock market is rising.
The stock market looks healthy.The stock market is rising.
The stock market looks healthy.The stock market is on a decline.
The stock market has the volatility of cryptocurrency.The stock market is very volatile.
The stock market has the volatility of cryptocurrency.The stock market is not volatile.
The stock market has the volatility of bonds.The stock market is not volatile.
The stock market has the volatility of bonds.The stock market is very volatile.
Her mood is shining as the break of dawn.Her mood is positive and warming.
Her mood is shining as the break of dawn.Her mood is poor and unstable.
Her mood is descending in a gaping void.Her mood is poor and unstable.
Her mood is descending in a gaping void.Her mood is positive and warming.
His anger is a devastating and fiery blaze.His anger is intense.
His anger is a devastating and fiery blaze.His anger is mild.
His anger is as the heat from a candle.His anger is mild.
His anger is as the heat from a candle.His anger is intense.
This disease is a relentless curse.The disease is intensely painful.
This disease is a relentless curse.The disease is mild and numbing.
This disease is a bland torment.The disease is mild and numbing.
This disease is a bland torment.The disease is intensely painful.
The movie is as interesting as disease of the mouth.The movie is awful and nobody would want it.
The movie is as interesting as disease of the mouth.The movie isn't great but in the end it's worth it.
The movie is as interesting as sickness that keeps you in the hospital with a sexy nurse.The movie isn't great but in the end it's worth it.
The movie is as interesting as sickness that keeps you in the hospital with a sexy nurse.The movie is awful and nobody would want it.
My wife's breast are as amazing as a beautiful sunrise.My wife's breasts are amazing to look at.
My wife's breast are as amazing as a beautiful sunrise.My wife's breasts are amazing to touch.
My wife's breast are as amazing as soft a pillow made out of a water bed.My wife's breasts are amazing to touch.
My wife's breast are as amazing as soft a pillow made out of a water bed.My wife's breasts are amazing to look at.
The car was as small as an old man's ballsack.The car was really small and ugly.
The car was as small as an old man's ballsack.The car was small but surprisingly spacious.
The car was as small as an old man's penis when he has viagra and see my wife naked.The car was small but surprisingly spacious.
The car was as small as an old man's penis when he has viagra and see my wife naked.The car was really small and ugly.
The product's quality rating is that of a rating for rotten meat.The product's quality rating is bad.
The product's quality rating is that of a rating for rotten meat.The product's quality rating is very good.
The product's quality rating is that of a rating for a prize-winning stallion.The product's quality rating is very good.
The product's quality rating is that of a rating for a prize-winning stallion.The product's quality rating is bad.
The disease is predicted to have the magnitude of the black death in the middle ages.The disease is deadly and serious.
The disease is predicted to have the magnitude of the black death in the middle ages.The disease is minor and not serious.
The disease is predicted to have the magnitude of a minor case of the sniffles.The disease is minor and not serious.
The disease is predicted to have the magnitude of a minor case of the sniffles.The disease is deadly and serious.
The speed of the running back is predicted to be as fast as a snail in molasses.The running back is thought to be slow.
The speed of the running back is predicted to be as fast as a snail in molasses.It's predicted that the running back will be very fast.
The speed of the running back is predicted to be as fast as a cheetah on amphetamines.It's predicted that the running back will be very fast.
The speed of the running back is predicted to be as fast as a cheetah on amphetamines.The running back is thought to be slow.
This town reminds me of the excitement i had going to church.The town is boring.
This town reminds me of the excitement i had going to church.The town has exciting things to do.
This town reminds me of times i fooled around with my high school crush.The town has exciting things to do.
This town reminds me of times i fooled around with my high school crush.The town is boring.
This spaghetti is full of flavor like i was eating ketchup.This spaghetti is terrible.
This spaghetti is full of flavor like i was eating ketchup.This spaghetti is flavorful.
This spaghetti is full of flavor like i am swimming in a bed of gold.This spaghetti is flavorful.
This spaghetti is full of flavor like i am swimming in a bed of gold.This spaghetti is terrible.
This car has the engine of a lawn mower.This car has a small engine.
This car has the engine of a lawn mower.This car has a powerful engine.
This car has the engine of a f-15 fighter jet.This car has a powerful engine.
This car has the engine of a f-15 fighter jet.This car has a small engine.
I'm hustling as fast as a cheetah.I'm husting fast.
I'm hustling as fast as a cheetah.I'm moving slowly.
I'm hustling as fast as a slug.I'm moving slowly.
I'm hustling as fast as a slug.I'm husting fast.
This disease is as deadly as a gunshot.This disease is deadly.
This disease is as deadly as a gunshot.This disease is not deadly at all.
This disease is as deadly as a bee sting.This disease is not deadly at all.
This disease is as deadly as a bee sting.This disease is deadly.
Your product is as resilient as metal.Your product is resilient.
Your product is as resilient as metal.Your product is flimsy.
Your product is as resilient as paper.Your product is flimsy.
Your product is as resilient as paper.Your product is resilient.
She was as rude as a comment on a youtube video.She was very rude.
She was as rude as a comment on a youtube video.She was anything but rude.
She was as rude as a father to the bride on her wedding day.She was anything but rude.
She was as rude as a father to the bride on her wedding day.She was very rude.
The dragon's breath had the feeling of a microwaved chili pepper.The dragon's breath felt hot.
The dragon's breath had the feeling of a microwaved chili pepper.The dragon's breath felt cold.
The dragon's breath had the feeling of a hailstorm in winter.The dragon's breath felt cold.
The dragon's breath had the feeling of a hailstorm in winter.The dragon's breath felt hot.
The baby had the cuteness of pikachu before he evolved.The baby was very cute.
The baby had the cuteness of pikachu before he evolved.The baby was pretty ugly.
The baby had the cuteness of the frog prince from the simpson's "treehouse of horror xii".The baby was pretty ugly.
The baby had the cuteness of the frog prince from the simpson's "treehouse of horror xii".The baby was very cute.
The product is a baby's first word.The product is newly innovative.
The product is a baby's first word.The product is almost obsolete.
The product is an old man's last gasp.The product is almost obsolete.
The product is an old man's last gasp.The product is newly innovative.
The disease is a cinderella.The disease is mild.
The disease is a cinderella.The disease is serious.
The disease is a nightmare on elm street.The disease is serious.
The disease is a nightmare on elm street.The disease is mild.
His hustle on the job is the movie rudy.His hustle is inspiring.
His hustle on the job is the movie rudy.His hustle is slow.
His hustle on the job is golden girls tv show.His hustle is slow.
His hustle on the job is golden girls tv show.His hustle is inspiring.
The boy was as fast as lightning.The boy was speedy.
The boy was as fast as lightning.The boy was slow.
The boy was as fast as a snail.The boy was slow.
The boy was as fast as a snail.The boy was speedy.
I slept like a log.I didn't move in my sleep.
I slept like a log.I sleep good.
I slept like a baby.I sleep good.
I slept like a baby.I didn't move in my sleep.
Tommy was as sick as a dog.Tommy was very ill.
Tommy was as sick as a dog.Tommy was slow.
Tommy was as fast as a snail.Tommy was slow.
Tommy was as fast as a snail.Tommy was very ill.
That turkey was sent from heaven.The turkey tasted good.
That turkey was sent from heaven.The turkey tasted bad.
That turkey was sent from hell.The turkey tasted bad.
That turkey was sent from hell.The turkey tasted good.
He has the comedic value of a snl writer.He is really funny.
He has the comedic value of a snl writer.He is not funny at all.
He has the comedic value of a rock.He is not funny at all.
He has the comedic value of a rock.He is really funny.
Time goes by so fast at the dmv.Time feels like it is slow when at the dmv.
Time goes by so fast at the dmv.Time feels like it is fast when i am at my girlfriend's house.
Time goes by so fast at my girlfriend's house.Time feels like it is fast when i am at my girlfriend's house.
Time goes by so fast at my girlfriend's house.Time feels like it is slow when at the dmv.
The man could see as well as an archer.The man had good eyesight.
The man could see as well as an archer.The man hard hard time seeing.
The man could see as well as an old man.The man hard hard time seeing.
The man could see as well as an old man.The man had good eyesight.
The blanket was as soft as a puppy.The blanket was soft.
The blanket was as soft as a puppy.The blanket was rough.
The blanket was as soft as an armadillo.The blanket was rough.
The blanket was as soft as an armadillo.The blanket was soft.
The beer was as fresh as a new born baby.The beer was just made.
The beer was as fresh as a new born baby.The beer was old.
The beer was as fresh as an aged wine.The beer was old.
The beer was as fresh as an aged wine.The beer was just made.
The teams sent to eradicate the virus have the effectiveness of a broken umbrella in a rain storm.The teams are very ineffective.
The teams sent to eradicate the virus have the effectiveness of a broken umbrella in a rain storm.The teams are highly effective.
The teams sent to eradicate the virus have the effectiveness of a varsity team playing against toddlers.The teams are highly effective.
The teams sent to eradicate the virus have the effectiveness of a varsity team playing against toddlers.The teams are very ineffective.
The missiles' ability to hit the target was as accurate as a blind man playing darts.The missiles are very inaccurate.
The missiles' ability to hit the target was as accurate as a blind man playing darts.The missiles are very accurate.
The missiles' ability to hit the target was as accurate as william tell going against a very large apple.The missiles are very accurate.
The missiles' ability to hit the target was as accurate as william tell going against a very large apple.The missiles are very inaccurate.
The science presented at the conference had the depth of a wrinkle on a microscopic organism.The science is very shallow and simplistic.
The science presented at the conference had the depth of a wrinkle on a microscopic organism.The science is very deep and profound.
The science presented at the conference had the depth of the marianas trench.The science is very deep and profound.
The science presented at the conference had the depth of the marianas trench.The science is very shallow and simplistic.
The grass was a long flat emerald.The grass was pretty and green.
The grass was a long flat emerald.The grass was dirty, brown, and gross.
The grass was a murky swamp.The grass was dirty, brown, and gross.
The grass was a murky swamp.The grass was pretty and green.
She had the figure of a 1920's model.She was very thing and pretty.
She had the figure of a 1920's model.She was very built and muscular.
She had the figure of a brutish viking.She was very built and muscular.
She had the figure of a brutish viking.She was very thing and pretty.
The symphopny was an explosion.The symphony was loud and bombastic.
The symphopny was an explosion.The symphony was repetitive and annoying.
The symphopny was a loud summer cicada.The symphony was repetitive and annoying.
The symphopny was a loud summer cicada.The symphony was loud and bombastic.
They have the grace of a car accident.They are not graceful.
They have the grace of a car accident.They are very graceful.
They have the grace of a ballerina.They are very graceful.
They have the grace of a ballerina.They are not graceful.
Your cooking is like drinking bleach.Your cooking is bad.
Your cooking is like drinking bleach.Your cooking is good.
Your cooking is like sleeping in on a saturday.Your cooking is good.
Your cooking is like sleeping in on a saturday.Your cooking is bad.
Your friendship makes me feel like a pool of vomit.Your friendship is a negative influence on my life.
Your friendship makes me feel like a pool of vomit.Your friendship is a positive influence on my life.
Your friendship makes me feel like i am wrapped in a soothing cocoon.Your friendship is a positive influence on my life.
Your friendship makes me feel like i am wrapped in a soothing cocoon.Your friendship is a negative influence on my life.
Emotional is very power emotional is very power.Emotional is very power.
Emotional is very power emotional is very power.Emotional is very power.
Emotional is very power emotional is very power.Emotional is very power.
Emotional is very power emotional is very power.Emotional is very power.
That group is an army.That group is large.
That group is an army.That group is small.
That group is a clique.That group is small.
That group is a clique.That group is large.
The cake is a feather.The cake is light.
The cake is a feather.The cake is heavy.
The cake is a brick.The cake is heavy.
The cake is a brick.The cake is light.
The crowd is a thunderstorm the crowd is a whisper.The crowd is loud.
The crowd is a thunderstorm the crowd is a whisper.The crowd is quiet.
The crowd is a thunderstorm the crowd is a flurry.The crowd is quiet.
The crowd is a thunderstorm the crowd is a flurry.The crowd is loud.
The groups are the open as a lockbox in a bank.The groups are very closed.
The groups are the open as a lockbox in a bank.The groups are very open.
The groups are the open as las vegas casino.The groups are very open.
The groups are the open as las vegas casino.The groups are very closed.
The target is as close as your nose.The target is nearby.
The target is as close as your nose.The target is very far.
The target is as close as the international space station.The target is very far.
The target is as close as the international space station.The target is nearby.
Science is old as a newborn.Science is young.
Science is old as a newborn.Science is old.
Science is old as the grand canyon.Science is old.
Science is old as the grand canyon.Science is young.
The ball was as colorful as a bowl of cereal.It was vibrant.
The ball was as colorful as a bowl of cereal.It was mundane.
The ball was as colorful as a cloudy sky.It was mundane.
The ball was as colorful as a cloudy sky.It was vibrant.
The warrior was as fierce as a lion.He was mean.
The warrior was as fierce as a lion.He was nice.
The warrior was as fierce as a kitten.He was nice.
The warrior was as fierce as a kitten.He was mean.
The riot was as disruptive as a hurricane.It was crazy.
The riot was as disruptive as a hurricane.It was harmless.
The riot was as disruptive as a mouse with one leg.It was harmless.
The riot was as disruptive as a mouse with one leg.It was crazy.
A dog as large as an elephant.The dog is large.
A dog as large as an elephant.The dog is small.
A dog as large as a mouse.The dog is small.
A dog as large as a mouse.The dog is large.
A boy as smart as an elephant.The boy is smart.
A boy as smart as an elephant.The boy is dumb.
A boy as smart as a goldfish.The boy is dumb.
A boy as smart as a goldfish.The boy is smart.
A movie as expensive as a car.The movie is expensive.
A movie as expensive as a car.The movie is cheap.
A movie as expensive as a piece of candy.The movie is cheap.
A movie as expensive as a piece of candy.The movie is expensive.
He was as down-to-earth as the village idiot.He was not down-to-earth.
He was as down-to-earth as the village idiot.He was down-to-earth.
He was as down-to-earth as the marlboro man.He was down-to-earth.
He was as down-to-earth as the marlboro man.He was not down-to-earth.
The  detective was as good as inspector closseau.The  detective was not good.
The  detective was as good as inspector closseau.The  detective was good.
The  detective was as good as sherlock holmes.The  detective was good.
The  detective was as good as sherlock holmes.The  detective was not good.
The seat was as wide as a peephole.The seat was not wide.
The seat was as wide as a peephole.The seat was wide.
The seat was as wide as a football field.The seat was wide.
The seat was as wide as a football field.The seat was not wide.
I've got a resume the size of the earth.My resume is big.
I've got a resume the size of the earth.My resume is small.
I've got a resume the size of a pebble.My resume is small.
I've got a resume the size of a pebble.My resume is big.
You're as suspicious as a spy.You're suspicious.
You're as suspicious as a spy.You're not suspicious.
You're as suspicious as a saint.You're not suspicious.
You're as suspicious as a saint.You're suspicious.
This seat is like sitting on air.This seat is comfortable.
This seat is like sitting on air.This seat is uncomfortable.
This seat is like sitting on rocks.This seat is uncomfortable.
This seat is like sitting on rocks.This seat is comfortable.
The seat is empty like jimmy hoffa's grave.The seat is free, there's nothing in it.
The seat is empty like jimmy hoffa's grave.The seat is full.
The seat is empty like a rush hour bus downtown.The seat is full.
The seat is empty like a rush hour bus downtown.The seat is free, there's nothing in it.
Your dress is shiny as a quarter that just went through the washing machine.Your dress is totally dull.
Your dress is shiny as a quarter that just went through the washing machine.Your dress is brilliantly shiny.
Your dress is shiny as a new car in the early afternoon sun.Your dress is brilliantly shiny.
Your dress is shiny as a new car in the early afternoon sun.Your dress is totally dull.
He's as lonely as a scientist at an antarctic research post.He's very lonely.
He's as lonely as a scientist at an antarctic research post.He's not lonely at all and surrounded by friends.
He's as lonely as a high school cheerleader at homecoming.He's not lonely at all and surrounded by friends.
He's as lonely as a high school cheerleader at homecoming.He's very lonely.
The bird on the window sill gave the man a feeling which reminded him of coming back home after a long trip.The man felt comforted and relieved.
The bird on the window sill gave the man a feeling which reminded him of coming back home after a long trip.The man was excited and looking forwardto it.
The bird on the window sill gave the man a feeling which reminded him of about to head off on a vacation.The man was excited and looking forwardto it.
The bird on the window sill gave the man a feeling which reminded him of about to head off on a vacation.The man felt comforted and relieved.
The suspicion he felt as she gave her excuse reminded him of watching the mysterious movie diobolique.Her behavior was highly questionable.
The suspicion he felt as she gave her excuse reminded him of watching the mysterious movie diobolique.Her behavior was highly comical.
The suspicion he felt as she gave her excuse reminded him of watching inspector gadget.Her behavior was highly comical.
The suspicion he felt as she gave her excuse reminded him of watching inspector gadget.Her behavior was highly questionable.
The view from his seat in the theater reminded him of an expensive opera box.The seats gave him a great view.
The view from his seat in the theater reminded him of an expensive opera box.The seats view was limited.
The view from his seat in the theater reminded him of watching it on a television screen instead.The seats view was limited.
The view from his seat in the theater reminded him of watching it on a television screen instead.The seats gave him a great view.
The earth was a home.Someone found the earth a pleasant place to live.
The earth was a home.Someone found the earth an unpleasant or stagnant place to live.
The earth was a prison.Someone found the earth an unpleasant or stagnant place to live.
The earth was a prison.Someone found the earth a pleasant place to live.
Suspicion is a tool.Suspicion helps its users.
Suspicion is a tool.Suspicion holds its users back.
Suspicion is a hindrance.Suspicion holds its users back.
Suspicion is a hindrance.Suspicion helps its users.
The seat was a throne.The seat was prestigious.
The seat was a throne.The seat was insulting or degrading.
The seat was a stocks.The seat was insulting or degrading.
The seat was a stocks.The seat was prestigious.
This seat is a baby's chair.Seat is very uncomfortable.
This seat is a baby's chair.Seat is very comfortable.
This seat is a throne.Seat is very comfortable.
This seat is a throne.Seat is very uncomfortable.
Earth is a god's heaven.Earth is very beautiful and peaceful place.
Earth is a god's heaven.Earth is ugly and full of sufferings.
Earth is is a hellfire.Earth is ugly and full of sufferings.
Earth is is a hellfire.Earth is very beautiful and peaceful place.
Suspicion murders the faith.Suspicion could kill faith in some one.
Suspicion murders the faith.Suspicion could bring out the truth.
Suspicion lights up the fact.Suspicion could bring out the truth.
Suspicion lights up the fact.Suspicion could kill faith in some one.
The car's engine sounds like a cat purring.The engine runs smoothly.
The car's engine sounds like a cat purring.The engine is loud.
The car's engine sounds like a dragon snoring.The engine is loud.
The car's engine sounds like a dragon snoring.The engine runs smoothly.
My mom's cooking is as tasty as a bowl of vomit.My mom's cooking is disgusting.
My mom's cooking is as tasty as a bowl of vomit.My mom's cooking is delicious.
My mom's cooking is as tasty as manna from heaven.My mom's cooking is delicious.
My mom's cooking is as tasty as manna from heaven.My mom's cooking is disgusting.
The professor's voice is like a velvet cloak.The professor's voice is smooth.
The professor's voice is like a velvet cloak.The professor's voice is irritating.
The professor's voice is like a cat in heat.The professor's voice is irritating.
The professor's voice is like a cat in heat.The professor's voice is smooth.
The pollution produced by the new industry is like a landfill dumped on a public park.The pollution from the new industry is horrible.
The pollution produced by the new industry is like a landfill dumped on a public park.The pollution from the new industry has almost zero impact.
The pollution produced by the new industry is like a drop in the pacific ocean.The pollution from the new industry has almost zero impact.
The pollution produced by the new industry is like a drop in the pacific ocean.The pollution from the new industry is horrible.
The child's ability to understand is like that of an uncomprehending door knob.The child has difficulty understanding things.
The child's ability to understand is like that of an uncomprehending door knob.The child is a quick study and understands things easily.
The child's ability to understand is like that of a child genius like mozart.The child is a quick study and understands things easily.
The child's ability to understand is like that of a child genius like mozart.The child has difficulty understanding things.
The blood in the repository had the efficacy of venom from a poisonous snake.The blood is bad and will cause harm.
The blood in the repository had the efficacy of venom from a poisonous snake.The blood is good and can be used to save lives.
The blood in the repository had the efficacy of a life-giving serum.The blood is good and can be used to save lives.
The blood in the repository had the efficacy of a life-giving serum.The blood is bad and will cause harm.
This industry will be as protifable as fort knox.The industry will make a lot of money.
This industry will be as protifable as fort knox.The industry will not make very much money.
This industry will be as protifable as a lemonade stand.The industry will not make very much money.
This industry will be as protifable as a lemonade stand.The industry will make a lot of money.
I understand you as well as myself.I understand you well.
I understand you as well as myself.I don't understand you at all.
I understand you as well as hieroglyphics.I don't understand you at all.
I understand you as well as hieroglyphics.I understand you well.
You have the strength of a bodybuilder.You're strong.
You have the strength of a bodybuilder.You're weak.
You have the strength of a baby.You're weak.
You have the strength of a baby.You're strong.
That's as consistent as california weather.It's very consistent.
That's as consistent as california weather.It's not consistent at all.
That's as consistent as a 2011 jeep cherokee.It's not consistent at all.
That's as consistent as a 2011 jeep cherokee.It's very consistent.
It's as empty as a gym during the winter.It's completely empty.
It's as empty as a gym during the winter.It's full.
It's as empty as a nightclub on a saturday.It's full.
It's as empty as a nightclub on a saturday.It's completely empty.
It's as clear as a window cleaned with windex.It's very clear.
It's as clear as a window cleaned with windex.It's not clear at all.
It's as clear as snowstorm.It's not clear at all.
It's as clear as snowstorm.It's very clear.
That rollercoaster would scare zeus out of his thunder and pants.That rollercoaster is terrifying.
That rollercoaster would scare zeus out of his thunder and pants.That rollercoaster isn't scary.
That rollercoaster would scare a bug at the most.That rollercoaster isn't scary.
That rollercoaster would scare a bug at the most.That rollercoaster is terrifying.
That backpack can carry mount everest and mount rushmore with room to spare.The backpack can carry a whole lot.
That backpack can carry mount everest and mount rushmore with room to spare.The backpack is too small to carry anything.
That backpack can carry only carry a microbe and it'd be a tight fit for the microbe.The backpack is too small to carry anything.
That backpack can carry only carry a microbe and it'd be a tight fit for the microbe.The backpack can carry a whole lot.
That car mechanic can fix bumblebee and optimus prime blindfolded.The car mechanic can fix any car.
That car mechanic can fix bumblebee and optimus prime blindfolded.The car mechanic doesn't know how to fix cars well.
That car mechanic can fix the devil's car and he still wouldn't be happy with how it turned out.The car mechanic doesn't know how to fix cars well.
That car mechanic can fix the devil's car and he still wouldn't be happy with how it turned out.The car mechanic can fix any car.
The woman was as simple-minded as calculus.The woman's mind was very complex.
The woman was as simple-minded as calculus.The woman was very simple-minded.
The woman was as simple-minded as a picture book.The woman was very simple-minded.
The woman was as simple-minded as a picture book.The woman's mind was very complex.
The girl's singing voice was a flute.The girl had a good singing voice.
The girl's singing voice was a flute.The girl had a poor singing voice.
The girl's singing voice was a crow.The girl had a poor singing voice.
The girl's singing voice was a crow.The girl had a good singing voice.
The boy was as round as a chocolate chip cookie.The boy was fat.
The boy was as round as a chocolate chip cookie.The boy was thin.
The boy was as round as a green bean.The boy was thin.
The boy was as round as a green bean.The boy was fat.
Embarrassment is a mushrooming red balloon.When a person is embarrassed the situation seems huge and oversized.
Embarrassment is a mushrooming red balloon.When a person is embarrassed it might lead them to feel small and unimportant.
Embarrassment is a a catalyst for insignificance.When a person is embarrassed it might lead them to feel small and unimportant.
Embarrassment is a a catalyst for insignificance.When a person is embarrassed the situation seems huge and oversized.
Happiness is a trampoline.Happy people are often bubbly and bouncy.
Happiness is a trampoline.Happy people are often calm and relaxed.
Happiness is a serene spa.Happy people are often calm and relaxed.
Happiness is a serene spa.Happy people are often bubbly and bouncy.
Freedom on a leash is probation.People on probation leave the confinement of prison with restrictions.
Freedom on a leash is probation.People voluntarily go into the confinement of marriage with restrictions.
Freedom on a leash is marriage.People voluntarily go into the confinement of marriage with restrictions.
Freedom on a leash is marriage.People on probation leave the confinement of prison with restrictions.
This industry runs as a calibrated machine.The industry runs well.
This industry runs as a calibrated machine.The industry is inefficient.
This industry runs as a old car.The industry is inefficient.
This industry runs as a old car.The industry runs well.
The wine was pungent as blood.The wine was very pungent.
The wine was pungent as blood.The wine was stale.
The wine was pungent as water.The wine was stale.
The wine was pungent as water.The wine was very pungent.
The cable is much like a chain.The cable is very resilient.
The cable is much like a chain.The cable is very fragile.
The cable is much like a strand of floss.The cable is very fragile.
The cable is much like a strand of floss.The cable is very resilient.
The lamp is the sun.The lamp is bright.
The lamp is the sun.The lamp is dark.
The lamp is the nocturnal house at the zoo.The lamp is dark.
The lamp is the nocturnal house at the zoo.The lamp is bright.
The computer is a race car.The computer runs fast.
The computer is a race car.The computer runs slow.
The computer is a tortoise.The computer runs slow.
The computer is a tortoise.The computer runs fast.
The dog is a wooly mammoth.The dog has tons of hair.
The dog is a wooly mammoth.The dog has little hair.
The dog is a marine.The dog has little hair.
The dog is a marine.The dog has tons of hair.
Last night's lorde concert was a terrorist assault on my ear drums.Lorde's music was not to my taste and it upset me.
Last night's lorde concert was a terrorist assault on my ear drums.I loved hearing lorde's music.
Last night's lorde concert was an orgasm.I loved hearing lorde's music.
Last night's lorde concert was an orgasm.Lorde's music was not to my taste and it upset me.
The insult came across as a shot above the waterline.The insult was frightening and showed that a much worse outcome was avoided.
The insult came across as a shot above the waterline.The insult became a strengthening factor to improve oneself; of support.
The insult came across as a tap on the shoulder.The insult became a strengthening factor to improve oneself; of support.
The insult came across as a tap on the shoulder.The insult was frightening and showed that a much worse outcome was avoided.
Waiting on their date alone at restaurant was as if waiting on desert rain.The wait was a wasteful act as the known outcome wouldn't change.
Waiting on their date alone at restaurant was as if waiting on desert rain.The wait was only increasing the spectacle of the night's end.
Waiting on their date alone at restaurant was as if a crescendo building.The wait was only increasing the spectacle of the night's end.
Waiting on their date alone at restaurant was as if a crescendo building.The wait was a wasteful act as the known outcome wouldn't change.
The endless night was a sign of death.The endless night and lack of light alludes to death and never rising again.
The endless night was a sign of death.The endless night and peace presents a period of rest and recovery.
The endless night was a sign of rest.The endless night and peace presents a period of rest and recovery.
The endless night was a sign of rest.The endless night and lack of light alludes to death and never rising again.
The concert went off without a hitch.The concert was accomplished according to plan.
The concert went off without a hitch.The concert failed completely.
The concert went off like a stink bomb.The concert failed completely.
The concert went off like a stink bomb.The concert was accomplished according to plan.
He had the external composure of a statue.He hid his internal emotions well.
He had the external composure of a statue.He hid his internal emotions poorly.
He had the external composure of trembling jello.He hid his internal emotions poorly.
He had the external composure of trembling jello.He hid his internal emotions well.
Hollywood is a yellow brick road.Hollywood provides means to reach one's dreams.
Hollywood is a yellow brick road.Hollywood looks appealing but leads to negative outcomes.
Hollywood is a primrose path.Hollywood looks appealing but leads to negative outcomes.
Hollywood is a primrose path.Hollywood provides means to reach one's dreams.
The policeman was as professional as a ceo.The policeman very extremely professional.
The policeman was as professional as a ceo.The policeman did not act professional at all.
The policeman was as professional as a high school dropout.The policeman did not act professional at all.
The policeman was as professional as a high school dropout.The policeman very extremely professional.
The throne was as shiny as a gold nugget.The throne was very shiny.
The throne was as shiny as a gold nugget.The throne was dull and lackluster not shiny at all.
The throne was as shiny as a rusted car.The throne was dull and lackluster not shiny at all.
The throne was as shiny as a rusted car.The throne was very shiny.
The report was a comprehensive as a science thesis.The report was detailed, in depth, and very comprehensive.
The report was a comprehensive as a science thesis.The report was not comprehensive, more like a child wrote it.
The report was a comprehensive as a coloring book.The report was not comprehensive, more like a child wrote it.
The report was a comprehensive as a coloring book.The report was detailed, in depth, and very comprehensive.
The concert was as crowded as a rush-hour train.The concert was crowded.
The concert was as crowded as a rush-hour train.The concert was not crowded.
The concert was as crowded as a mausoleum.The concert was not crowded.
The concert was as crowded as a mausoleum.The concert was crowded.
The auditor was as impartial as a shady bookie.The auditor was not impartial.
The auditor was as impartial as a shady bookie.The auditor was impartial.
The auditor was as impartial as a judge.The auditor was impartial.
The auditor was as impartial as a judge.The auditor was not impartial.
She has as much hollywood in her as warner bros.She has much hollywood in her.
She has as much hollywood in her as warner bros.She has no hollywood in her.
She has as much hollywood in her as a dead dog.She has no hollywood in her.
She has as much hollywood in her as a dead dog.She has much hollywood in her.
The girl's personality was a seesaw.The girl's personality was volatile.
The girl's personality was a seesaw.The girl's personality was stable.
The girl's personality was a balance beam.The girl's personality was stable.
The girl's personality was a balance beam.The girl's personality was volatile.
The child had the generosity of gold.The child was very generous.
The child had the generosity of gold.The child was very stingy.
The child had the generosity of a penny.The child was very stingy.
The child had the generosity of a penny.The child was very generous.
The kids are little angels.The kids are well-behaved.
The kids are little angels.The kids are badly behaved.
The kids are little devils.The kids are badly behaved.
The kids are little devils.The kids are well-behaved.
The teacher rules with an iron fist.The teacher is strict.
The teacher rules with an iron fist.The teacher is lenient.
The teacher rules with a feather touch.The teacher is lenient.
The teacher rules with a feather touch.The teacher is strict.
That halloween costume could make a grown man cry.That halloween costume is frightening.
That halloween costume could make a grown man cry.The halloween costumer is not frightening.
That halloween costume could barely scare a baby.The halloween costumer is not frightening.
That halloween costume could barely scare a baby.That halloween costume is frightening.
The party was as fun as working a double shift.The party was fun.
The party was as fun as working a double shift.The party was not fun.
The party was as fun as a roller coaster.The party was not fun.
The party was as fun as a roller coaster.The party was fun.
Christmas day is coming as fast as a bullet train.Christmas day is coming quickly.
Christmas day is coming as fast as a bullet train.Christmas day is taking forever to come.
Christmas day is coming as fast as a snail.Christmas day is taking forever to come.
Christmas day is coming as fast as a snail.Christmas day is coming quickly.
The new tv was as big as the room.The tv was big.
The new tv was as big as the room.The tv was small.
The new tv was as big as a bottle cap.The tv was small.
The new tv was as big as a bottle cap.The tv was big.
She was creeping as fast as a sloth.She was creeping as fast.
She was creeping as fast as a sloth.She was creeping as fast.
She was creeping as fast as a bullet.She was creeping as fast.
She was creeping as fast as a bullet.She was creeping as fast.
Last christmas had all the fun of a clogged toilet.Last christmas was not fun.
Last christmas had all the fun of a clogged toilet.Last christmas was fun.
Last christmas had all the fun of a night in vegas.Last christmas was fun.
Last christmas had all the fun of a night in vegas.Last christmas was not fun.
His work was as mundane as a timeclock.His work was mundane.
His work was as mundane as a timeclock.His work was not mundane.
His work was as mundane as jumping over the grand canyon.His work was not mundane.
His work was as mundane as jumping over the grand canyon.His work was mundane.
The woman's outfit is as celebratory as a christmas tree.The woman's outfit is very festive.
The woman's outfit is as celebratory as a christmas tree.The woman's outfit isn't celebratory at all.
The woman's outfit is as celebratory as a bowl of oatmeal.The woman's outfit isn't celebratory at all.
The woman's outfit is as celebratory as a bowl of oatmeal.The woman's outfit is very festive.
The woman exercises as much as a cheetah.The woman exercises a lot.
The woman exercises as much as a cheetah.The woman doesn't exercise.
The woman exercises as much as a sloth.The woman doesn't exercise.
The woman exercises as much as a sloth.The woman exercises a lot.
The woman has the fitness level of a wildebeest.The woman is very fit.
The woman has the fitness level of a wildebeest.The woman isn't fit.
The woman has the fitness level of a snail.The woman isn't fit.
The woman has the fitness level of a snail.The woman is very fit.
The man was as creepy as a beetle.He was gross.
The man was as creepy as a beetle.He was cute.
The man was as creepy as a bunny rabbit.He was cute.
The man was as creepy as a bunny rabbit.He was gross.
The pool was as deep as a philosopher.It had depth.
The pool was as deep as a philosopher.It was shallow.
The pool was as deep as a mud puddle.It was shallow.
The pool was as deep as a mud puddle.It had depth.
The camera was as advanced as an ap student.It was complex.
The camera was as advanced as an ap student.It was simple.
The camera was as advanced as a dead beetle.It was simple.
The camera was as advanced as a dead beetle.It was complex.
Christimas is a sports better certain his 20-leg parlay will hit.Christmas is hopeful.
Christimas is a sports better certain his 20-leg parlay will hit.Christmas is depressing.
Christimas is iceland when it's in the period of 24-hour darkness.Christmas is depressing.
Christimas is iceland when it's in the period of 24-hour darkness.Christmas is hopeful.
The chef has the talent of olympic medalist simon biles.The chef is talented.
The chef has the talent of olympic medalist simon biles.The chef is talentless.
The chef has the talent of a no-name actor.The chef is talentless.
The chef has the talent of a no-name actor.The chef is talented.
The advice was the wheels on a bike.The advice was helpful.
The advice was the wheels on a bike.The advice was useless.
The advice was a vestigial bone.The advice was useless.
The advice was a vestigial bone.The advice was helpful.
His wit was as sharp as a toasted marshmallow.He was not witty.
His wit was as sharp as a toasted marshmallow.He was quite witty.
His wit was as sharp as the point of a blade.He was quite witty.
His wit was as sharp as the point of a blade.He was not witty.
Her boss was as rich as daddy warbucks.Her boss was very rich.
Her boss was as rich as daddy warbucks.Her boss was very poor.
Her boss was as rich as a random roadside person selling oranges.Her boss was very poor.
Her boss was as rich as a random roadside person selling oranges.Her boss was very rich.
The christmas tree was as beautiful as the sparkling stars in the sky.The christmas tree was beautiful.
The christmas tree was as beautiful as the sparkling stars in the sky.The christmas tree was ugly.
The christmas tree was as beautiful as a house that has been toilet papered by random teenagers.The christmas tree was ugly.
The christmas tree was as beautiful as a house that has been toilet papered by random teenagers.The christmas tree was beautiful.
The child was as fussy as a backyard bbq.The child was very laidback.
The child was as fussy as a backyard bbq.The child was very fussy.
The child was as fussy as a black tie wedding.The child was very fussy.
The child was as fussy as a black tie wedding.The child was very laidback.
The event was as casual as a picnic in the park.The event was very casual.
The event was as casual as a picnic in the park.The event was very fancy.
The event was as casual as a michelin starred meal.The event was very fancy.
The event was as casual as a michelin starred meal.The event was very casual.
The woman's dress had the color of a burst of confetti.The woman's dress was very colorful.
The woman's dress had the color of a burst of confetti.The woman's dress was very plain.
The woman's dress had the color of a white collar office setting.The woman's dress was very plain.
The woman's dress had the color of a white collar office setting.The woman's dress was very colorful.
I'm sharp as a knife.I'm sharp.
I'm sharp as a knife.I'm not sharp.
I'm sharp as a pillow.I'm not sharp.
I'm sharp as a pillow.I'm sharp.
I'm under as much pressure as the bottom of the ocean.I'm under lots of pressure.
I'm under as much pressure as the bottom of the ocean.I'm under barely any pressure at all.
I'm under as much pressure as a light breeze.I'm under barely any pressure at all.
I'm under as much pressure as a light breeze.I'm under lots of pressure.
I'm as centered as a bullseye.I'm centered.
I'm as centered as a bullseye.I'm all the way to the side, and not centered.
I'm as centered as a border.I'm all the way to the side, and not centered.
I'm as centered as a border.I'm centered.
The snow was deep like a hole.The snow was deep.
The snow was deep like a hole.The snow wasn't deep.
The snow was deep like a puddle.The snow wasn't deep.
The snow was deep like a puddle.The snow was deep.
He was funny like a comedian.He was very funny.
He was funny like a comedian.He wasn't funny.
He was funny like a professor.He wasn't funny.
He was funny like a professor.He was very funny.
It was wet like water.It was very wet.
It was wet like water.It wasn't wet at all.
It was wet like sand.It wasn't wet at all.
It was wet like sand.It was very wet.
The knife was as sharp as an honor roll student.It was really pointy.
The knife was as sharp as an honor roll student.It was dull.
The knife was as sharp as a bowl of jello.It was dull.
The knife was as sharp as a bowl of jello.It was really pointy.
The gate was as strong as hercules.It was sturdy.
The gate was as strong as hercules.It was weak.
The gate was as strong as a wet burger wrapper.It was weak.
The gate was as strong as a wet burger wrapper.It was sturdy.
The beach was as pretty as a picture.It was gorgeous.
The beach was as pretty as a picture.It was hideous.
The beach was as pretty as a dead wolf.It was hideous.
The beach was as pretty as a dead wolf.It was gorgeous.
The bus driver was a racer.The bus driver drove very fast.
The bus driver was a racer.The bus driver drove too slowly.
The bus driver was a grandma.The bus driver drove too slowly.
The bus driver was a grandma.The bus driver drove very fast.
The tires were as a blowfish.The tires were filled up with air.
The tires were as a blowfish.The tires were withered.
The tires were as a a lifeless rosebud.The tires were withered.
The tires were as a a lifeless rosebud.The tires were filled up with air.
The apple was as a rose.The apple was fresh.
The apple was as a rose.The apple was rotten.
The apple was as a ball of decay.The apple was rotten.
The apple was as a ball of decay.The apple was fresh.
The scientist is bright as a lightbulb.The scientist is smart.
The scientist is bright as a lightbulb.The scientist is dumb.
The scientist is bright as a burnt waffle.The scientist is dumb.
The scientist is bright as a burnt waffle.The scientist is smart.
That kid runs as fast as a horse.The kid is fast.
That kid runs as fast as a horse.The kid is slow.
That kid runs as fast as a snail.The kid is slow.
That kid runs as fast as a snail.The kid is fast.
The water is as hot as an ice cube.The water is really cold.
The water is as hot as an ice cube.The water is really hot.
The water is as hot as the sun.The water is really hot.
The water is as hot as the sun.The water is really cold.
My ingrown toenail has the pain rating of an elephant dying from terminal cancer.My ingrown toenail hurts really bad.
My ingrown toenail has the pain rating of an elephant dying from terminal cancer.My ingrown toenail doesn't hurt that much.
My ingrown toenail has the pain rating of a snail attacking my foot.My ingrown toenail doesn't hurt that much.
My ingrown toenail has the pain rating of a snail attacking my foot.My ingrown toenail hurts really bad.
My brother is the epitome of a fun-filled day at waterworld.My brother is an awesome person.
My brother is the epitome of a fun-filled day at waterworld.My brother is hard to deal with.
My brother is the epitome of a mentally-driven mantis attacked by a killer wasp.My brother is hard to deal with.
My brother is the epitome of a mentally-driven mantis attacked by a killer wasp.My brother is an awesome person.
My eyesight is an eyepiece strengthened to a million.My eyesight is really good.
My eyesight is an eyepiece strengthened to a million.My eyesight is really horrible.
My eyesight is roadkill shot and killed some more.My eyesight is really horrible.
My eyesight is roadkill shot and killed some more.My eyesight is really good.
The baby is a siren.The baby is loud.
The baby is a siren.The baby is quiet.
The baby is a mouse.The baby is quiet.
The baby is a mouse.The baby is loud.
The cookies are hockey pucks.The cookies are hard.
The cookies are hockey pucks.The cookies are soft.
The cookies are pillows.The cookies are soft.
The cookies are pillows.The cookies are hard.
The soup is lava.The soup is hot.
The soup is lava.The soup is cold.
The soup is ice.The soup is cold.
The soup is ice.The soup is hot.
The judge was as friendly as a puppy dog.The judge is very friendly.
The judge was as friendly as a puppy dog.The judge is not friendly, but aggressive.
The judge was as friendly as a hornet.The judge is not friendly, but aggressive.
The judge was as friendly as a hornet.The judge is very friendly.
The boundary line was as wide as a semi truck.The boundary line was very wide.
The boundary line was as wide as a semi truck.The boundary line was't wide at all.
The boundary line was as wide as a pencil.The boundary line was't wide at all.
The boundary line was as wide as a pencil.The boundary line was very wide.
The man liked gambling as much as he liked having sex.The man liked gambling a lot.
The man liked gambling as much as he liked having sex.The man didn't like gambling at all.
The man liked gambling as much as he liked paying taxes.The man didn't like gambling at all.
The man liked gambling as much as he liked paying taxes.The man liked gambling a lot.
Gambling done by him resembles scrooge.He bets conservatively, or rarely.
Gambling done by him resembles scrooge.He bets generously.
Gambling done by him resembles bill gates.He bets generously.
Gambling done by him resembles bill gates.He bets conservatively, or rarely.
The anger is a hailstorm.The anger is extreme and hard.
The anger is a hailstorm.The anger is light and easy.
The anger is a drizzle.The anger is light and easy.
The anger is a drizzle.The anger is extreme and hard.
The home had anger running through it like a tornado.The home was ripped apart by anger.
The home had anger running through it like a tornado.The home had little, quick bouts of anger.
The home had anger running through it like a mouse.The home had little, quick bouts of anger.
The home had anger running through it like a mouse.The home was ripped apart by anger.
Her feelings were as clear as a window.You could easily see her feelings.
Her feelings were as clear as a window.You could not see what she was feeling.
Her feelings were as clear as a fog.You could not see what she was feeling.
Her feelings were as clear as a fog.You could easily see her feelings.
The old washing machine was as useful as a workhorse.The washing machine still worked well.
The old washing machine was as useful as a workhorse.The washing machine barely cleaned.
The old washing machine was as useful as a sloth.The washing machine barely cleaned.
The old washing machine was as useful as a sloth.The washing machine still worked well.
My anger burns with the fury of a thousand suns.I am very angry.
My anger burns with the fury of a thousand suns.I am not very angry at all.
My anger burns with the fury of a damp match.I am not very angry at all.
My anger burns with the fury of a damp match.I am very angry.
I am as hungry as a starving lion.I am very hungry.
I am as hungry as a starving lion.I am not very hungry.
I am as hungry as a baby mouse.I am not very hungry.
I am as hungry as a baby mouse.I am very hungry.
This book is as interesting as watching a soccer game.This book is very interesting.
This book is as interesting as watching a soccer game.This book is very boring.
This book is as interesting as watching paint dry.This book is very boring.
This book is as interesting as watching paint dry.This book is very interesting.
The mood of the room was a spring day.The mood of the room was celebratory.
The mood of the room was a spring day.The mood of the room was dark.
The mood of the room was the night sky.The mood of the room was dark.
The mood of the room was the night sky.The mood of the room was celebratory.
The amount of homework was a thanksgiving buffet.There was a lot of homework.
The amount of homework was a thanksgiving buffet.There was very little homework.
The amount of homework was an after-school snack.There was very little homework.
The amount of homework was an after-school snack.There was a lot of homework.
The woman's personality was as warm as a heavy coat.The woman's personality was very warm.
The woman's personality was as warm as a heavy coat.The woman's personality wasn't warm at all.
The woman's personality was as warm as a tank top.The woman's personality wasn't warm at all.
The woman's personality was as warm as a tank top.The woman's personality was very warm.
I'm about as rusty as an old rained on sword.I have not done the task for a long time and have forgotten how to do it.
I'm about as rusty as an old rained on sword.I do the task everyday, and have not forgotten how to do it.
I'm about as rusty as a new car.I do the task everyday, and have not forgotten how to do it.
I'm about as rusty as a new car.I have not done the task for a long time and have forgotten how to do it.
That knife is about as sharp as water.The knife is very dull.
That knife is about as sharp as water.The knife is very sharp.
That knife is about as sharp as a broken beer bottle.The knife is very sharp.
That knife is about as sharp as a broken beer bottle.The knife is very dull.
The sky is as beautiful as super model.The sky is extremely beautiful.
The sky is as beautiful as super model.The sky is not very beautiful.
The sky is as beautiful as an old man.The sky is not very beautiful.
The sky is as beautiful as an old man.The sky is extremely beautiful.
It was dirty like a pond.It was very dirty.
It was dirty like a pond.It was clean.
It was dirty like a bottled water.It was clean.
It was dirty like a bottled water.It was very dirty.
It was dark like night.It was very dark.
It was dark like night.It was bright.
It was dark like a flashlight.It was bright.
It was dark like a flashlight.It was very dark.
He was quick like a snail.He was slow.
He was quick like a snail.He was fast.
He was quick like a leopard.He was fast.
He was quick like a leopard.He was slow.
His intelligence is as deep as the mariana trench.His intelligence is vast.
His intelligence is as deep as the mariana trench.His intelligence is shallow.
His intelligence is as deep as a flat avenue.His intelligence is shallow.
His intelligence is as deep as a flat avenue.His intelligence is vast.
The blue jeans were as tight as paint on skin.The blue jeans were skin-tight.
The blue jeans were as tight as paint on skin.The blue jeans were baggy.
The blue jeans were as tight as the neck skin of a turkey.The blue jeans were baggy.
The blue jeans were as tight as the neck skin of a turkey.The blue jeans were skin-tight.
His back was as stiff as pvc.His back was unbending and tight.
His back was as stiff as pvc.His back was loose.
His back was as stiff as warm taffy.His back was loose.
His back was as stiff as warm taffy.His back was unbending and tight.
He's as rusty as a horseshoe left in the rain.He's very rusty.
He's as rusty as a horseshoe left in the rain.He's not rusty at all.
He's as rusty as a freshly-welded steel girder.He's not rusty at all.
He's as rusty as a freshly-welded steel girder.He's very rusty.
The sky's as blue as the ocean.The sky is blue.
The sky's as blue as the ocean.The sky is muddy and not blue.
The sky's as blue as a swamp.The sky is muddy and not blue.
The sky's as blue as a swamp.The sky is blue.
I'm as intimidating as crocodile.I'm intimidating.
I'm as intimidating as crocodile.I'm not intimidating.
I'm as intimidating as crocodile with no teeth.I'm not intimidating.
I'm as intimidating as crocodile with no teeth.I'm intimidating.
The man's mind had the clarity of a sunny day.The man's mind was very clear.
The man's mind had the clarity of a sunny day.The man's mind was very unclear.
The man's mind had the clarity of a snowstorm.The man's mind was very unclear.
The man's mind had the clarity of a snowstorm.The man's mind was very clear.
The woman's personality had as intriguing as oatmeal.The woman had a really dull personality.
The woman's personality had as intriguing as oatmeal.The woman had a really intriguing personality.
The woman's personality had as intriguing as fruity pebbles.The woman had a really intriguing personality.
The woman's personality had as intriguing as fruity pebbles.The woman had a really dull personality.
The book was as plain as a solid tie.The book was very plain.
The book was as plain as a solid tie.The book was not plain at all.
The book was as plain as a polka dotted tie.The book was not plain at all.
The book was as plain as a polka dotted tie.The book was very plain.
The chain was as rusty as a fifty year old football player.The chain has lots of rust.
The chain was as rusty as a fifty year old football player.The chain is flawless.
The chain was as rusty as a quarterback in his prime.The chain is flawless.
The chain was as rusty as a quarterback in his prime.The chain has lots of rust.
The plant is growing faster than a tech company.It grows fast.
The plant is growing faster than a tech company.It doesn't grow at all.
The plant is growing faster than a rock on the ground.It doesn't grow at all.
The plant is growing faster than a rock on the ground.It grows fast.
The banjo was as loud as a mother giving birth.It was very noisy.
The banjo was as loud as a mother giving birth.It was quiet.
The banjo was as loud as grass in the wind.It was quiet.
The banjo was as loud as grass in the wind.It was very noisy.
The clone had the identicalness of a photocopy of a photocopy of a photocopy.The clone was not identical.
The clone had the identicalness of a photocopy of a photocopy of a photocopy.The clone was completely identical.
The clone had the identicalness of a file on a computer after hitting copy/paste.The clone was completely identical.
The clone had the identicalness of a file on a computer after hitting copy/paste.The clone was not identical.
The book was as abridged as a parody series on youtube.The book was fairly abridged.
The book was as abridged as a parody series on youtube.The book was not abridged at all.
The book was as abridged as a copy of the bible that includes the book of judas.The book was not abridged at all.
The book was as abridged as a copy of the bible that includes the book of judas.The book was fairly abridged.
She had the fear of a vampire and a clove of garlic.She had quite a bit of fear.
She had the fear of a vampire and a clove of garlic.She had no fear at all.
She had the fear of a vampire and a yellow onion.She had no fear at all.
She had the fear of a vampire and a yellow onion.She had quite a bit of fear.
The room was as messy as a kid's dinner plate.Its disorganized.
The room was as messy as a kid's dinner plate.It is clean.
The room was as messy as a nun's room.It is clean.
The room was as messy as a nun's room.Its disorganized.
The order of the students was as random as the stock market.It is very random.
The order of the students was as random as the stock market.It is orderly.
The order of the students was as random as a checker board.It is orderly.
The order of the students was as random as a checker board.It is very random.
The pattern of her dress was as ugly as a baby girl.It was pretty.
The pattern of her dress was as ugly as a baby girl.It was nasty.
The pattern of her dress was as ugly as a donkey on drugs.It was nasty.
The pattern of her dress was as ugly as a donkey on drugs.It was pretty.
I am as calm as a hurricane.I am not calm at all.
I am as calm as a hurricane.I am incredibly calm.
I am as calm as a corpse.I am incredibly calm.
I am as calm as a corpse.I am not calm at all.
The movie has as many laughs as a funeral.The movie had no humor.
The movie has as many laughs as a funeral.The movie is full of humor.
The movie has as many laughs as a clown college.The movie is full of humor.
The movie has as many laughs as a clown college.The movie had no humor.
That kid is as sweet as a salt mine.The kid is not sweet at all.
That kid is as sweet as a salt mine.The kid is very sweet.
That kid is as sweet as a honey hive.The kid is very sweet.
That kid is as sweet as a honey hive.The kid is not sweet at all.
The room was as big as a shoebox.The room was small.
The room was as big as a shoebox.The room was large.
The room was as big as a cruse ship.The room was large.
The room was as big as a cruse ship.The room was small.
The convention was as exciting as a funeral.The convention was very boring.
The convention was as exciting as a funeral.The convention with interesting.
The convention was as exciting as a pep rally.The convention with interesting.
The convention was as exciting as a pep rally.The convention was very boring.
The shirt pattern was as colorful as an old black and white television.The shirt pattern is not colorful.
The shirt pattern was as colorful as an old black and white television.The shirt pattern is very colorful.
The shirt pattern was as colorful as psychedelic tie die.The shirt pattern is very colorful.
The shirt pattern was as colorful as psychedelic tie die.The shirt pattern is not colorful.
The cat was as playful as a kindergarden kid.The cat was playful.
The cat was as playful as a kindergarden kid.The cat was inactive.
The cat was as playful as a grumpy old man.The cat was inactive.
The cat was as playful as a grumpy old man.The cat was playful.
The grass was as healthy as a marathon runner.The grass was green.
The grass was as healthy as a marathon runner.The grass was brown.
The grass was as healthy as a cancer patient.The grass was brown.
The grass was as healthy as a cancer patient.The grass was green.
The pool was as as clean as a pig sty.The pool was dirty.
The pool was as as clean as a pig sty.The pool was clean.
The pool was as as clean as a house showing.The pool was clean.
The pool was as as clean as a house showing.The pool was dirty.
Her voice had the loudness of a girl in a slasher film when the killer shows up behind her.Her voice was very loud.
Her voice had the loudness of a girl in a slasher film when the killer shows up behind her.Her voice was pretty quiet.
Her voice had the loudness of billy eilish trying to hold back a sneeze.Her voice was pretty quiet.
Her voice had the loudness of billy eilish trying to hold back a sneeze.Her voice was very loud.
That's as soft as a loaf of bread.It's very soft.
That's as soft as a loaf of bread.It isn't soft at all.
That's as soft as a concrete wall.It isn't soft at all.
That's as soft as a concrete wall.It's very soft.
That's as crunchy as a crouton.It's crunchy.
That's as crunchy as a crouton.It's not crunchy at all.
That's as crunchy as mashed potatoes.It's not crunchy at all.
That's as crunchy as mashed potatoes.It's crunchy.
That was about as expensive as the value menu.It's not expensive at all.
That was about as expensive as the value menu.It's very expensive.
That was about as expensive a led zeppelin concert.It's very expensive.
That was about as expensive a led zeppelin concert.It's not expensive at all.
The langauges are essentially twins.The two languages are very similar.
The langauges are essentially twins.The two languages are not similar.
The langauges are essentially strangers.The two languages are not similar.
The langauges are essentially strangers.The two languages are very similar.
His intelligence stretched from one end of the universe to the other.He is really smart.
His intelligence stretched from one end of the universe to the other.He is not smart.
His intelligence started at noon and ends at midnight.He is not smart.
His intelligence started at noon and ends at midnight.He is really smart.
The debt in his name is a torrential downpour.He has a lot of debt and it is relentless.
The debt in his name is a torrential downpour.His debt is not that much and only accrues a little.
The debt in his name is sprinkle.His debt is not that much and only accrues a little.
The debt in his name is sprinkle.He has a lot of debt and it is relentless.
The watch was as accurate as an olympic time keeper.The watch told good time.
The watch was as accurate as an olympic time keeper.The watch was told bad time.
The watch was as accurate as a blind archer.The watch was told bad time.
The watch was as accurate as a blind archer.The watch told good time.
The fish was as fresh as the first winter snow.The fish was fresh.
The fish was as fresh as the first winter snow.The fish was old.
The fish was as fresh as a pizza at the bottom of the freezer.The fish was old.
The fish was as fresh as a pizza at the bottom of the freezer.The fish was fresh.
The guys hair was as long as a yard stick.The guy had lompng hair.
The guys hair was as long as a yard stick.The guy had short hair.
The guys hair was as long as an inch worm.The guy had short hair.
The guys hair was as long as an inch worm.The guy had lompng hair.
Trying to learn the new language felt like running a marathon after giving birth.The language was hard to learn.
Trying to learn the new language felt like running a marathon after giving birth.It was easy to learn the new language.
Trying to learn the new language felt like having a cheat sheet for your sats.It was easy to learn the new language.
Trying to learn the new language felt like having a cheat sheet for your sats.The language was hard to learn.
The smell in the theater caused the man to feel excited about the movie that's coming.The theater smelled like one would expect perhaps popcorn.
The smell in the theater caused the man to feel excited about the movie that's coming.The theater smelled bad.
The smell in the theater caused the man to feel like he was in a public urinal.The theater smelled bad.
The smell in the theater caused the man to feel like he was in a public urinal.The theater smelled like one would expect perhaps popcorn.
Carrying her instrument home after school was like trying to carry a toddler.Her instrument was cumbersome.
Carrying her instrument home after school was like trying to carry a toddler.Her instrument was easy to carry.
Carrying her instrument home after school was like throwing a baseball bat in your backpack.Her instrument was easy to carry.
Carrying her instrument home after school was like throwing a baseball bat in your backpack.Her instrument was cumbersome.
He spoke french about as well as a hamster.He did not speak french well.
He spoke french about as well as a hamster.He spoke french very well.
He spoke french about as well as emmanuel macron.He spoke french very well.
He spoke french about as well as emmanuel macron.He did not speak french well.
Her routine was as good as the village idiot.Her routine was not good.
Her routine was as good as the village idiot.Her routine was good.
Her routine was as good as henny yougman.Her routine was good.
Her routine was as good as henny yougman.Her routine was not good.
The instrument was as easy to learn as astrophysics.The instrument was not easy to learn.
The instrument was as easy to learn as astrophysics.The instrument was easy to learn.
The instrument was as easy to learn as a kazoo.The instrument was easy to learn.
The instrument was as easy to learn as a kazoo.The instrument was not easy to learn.
The instrument sounds like strings from heaven.The instrument sounds amazing.
The instrument sounds like strings from heaven.The instrument sounds terrible.
The instrument sounds like clanging pans.The instrument sounds terrible.
The instrument sounds like clanging pans.The instrument sounds amazing.
The classroom was as full as a hospital during a plague.The classroom was packed full of people.
The classroom was as full as a hospital during a plague.The classroom was pretty much empty.
The classroom was as full as a cops box of doughnuts.The classroom was pretty much empty.
The classroom was as full as a cops box of doughnuts.The classroom was packed full of people.
The team played like they had broken legs.The team played badly.
The team played like they had broken legs.The team played perfectly.
The team played like they could read each others minds.The team played perfectly.
The team played like they could read each others minds.The team played badly.
The employer is a marshmallow.The employer is very relaxed.
The employer is a marshmallow.The employer is very tough.
The employer is peanut brittle.The employer is very tough.
The employer is peanut brittle.The employer is very relaxed.
The man's idea is as creative as a chocolate chip cookie.The man's idea is very unoriginal.
The man's idea is as creative as a chocolate chip cookie.The man's idea is very creative.
The man's idea is as creative as red velvet white chip cookies.The man's idea is very creative.
The man's idea is as creative as red velvet white chip cookies.The man's idea is very unoriginal.
The woman's contributions are as substantive as steak.The woman's contributions are substantive.
The woman's contributions are as substantive as steak.The woman's contributions are minimal.
The woman's contributions are as substantive as a side salad.The woman's contributions are minimal.
The woman's contributions are as substantive as a side salad.The woman's contributions are substantive.
The writer's use of language was a instrument of its own.The writer's use of language was unique and sharp.
The writer's use of language was a instrument of its own.The writer's use of language was flat and unoriginal.
The writer's use of language was dull as a butter knife.The writer's use of language was flat and unoriginal.
The writer's use of language was dull as a butter knife.The writer's use of language was unique and sharp.
The bread was like the desert.The bread was dry.
The bread was like the desert.The bread was soft.
The bread was like a sponge.The bread was soft.
The bread was like a sponge.The bread was dry.
The water in the tub was as a frozen lake.The water in the tub was way too cold.
The water in the tub was as a frozen lake.The water in the tub was boiling too hot.
The water in the tub as a cauldron.The water in the tub was boiling too hot.
The water in the tub as a cauldron.The water in the tub was way too cold.
That band is so 2022.That band is so modern.
That band is so 2022.That band is so outdated.
That band is so 1900.That band is so outdated.
That band is so 1900.That band is so modern.
He is the 1970s.He is unfashionable.
He is the 1970s.He is fashionable.
He is the 2020s.He is fashionable.
He is the 2020s.He is unfashionable.
The football player had the reflexes of a statue.The player was not skilled.
The football player had the reflexes of a statue.The player was skilled.
The football player had the reflexes of a mousetrap.The player was skilled.
The football player had the reflexes of a mousetrap.The player was not skilled.
The tower had the support of a a toothpick.The tower was flimsy.
The tower had the support of a a toothpick.The tower was sturdy.
The tower had the support of a a girdle.The tower was sturdy.
The tower had the support of a a girdle.The tower was flimsy.
The test was as complicated as buttering toast.The test was easy.
The test was as complicated as buttering toast.The test was difficult.
The test was as complicated as blockchain.The test was difficult.
The test was as complicated as blockchain.The test was easy.
That kids were running as if there was a fire.The kids were in such a rush to get from point a to point b.
That kids were running as if there was a fire.The kids were running so fast.
That kids were running as fast as the speed of sound.The kids were running so fast.
That kids were running as fast as the speed of sound.The kids were in such a rush to get from point a to point b.
That cannonball the man did in the pool seemed as if an asteroid hit the ocean.The man created a gigantic splash.
That cannonball the man did in the pool seemed as if an asteroid hit the ocean.The man created such a little splash.
That cannonball the man did in the pool seemed as a pebble hitting a puddle.The man created such a little splash.
That cannonball the man did in the pool seemed as a pebble hitting a puddle.The man created a gigantic splash.
The test felt like a brick wall.The test was hard.
The test felt like a brick wall.The test was easy.
The test felt like a breeze.The test was easy.
The test felt like a breeze.The test was hard.
The wave is a mini mart.The wave is small.
The wave is a mini mart.The wave is large.
The wave is a super walmart.The wave is large.
The wave is a super walmart.The wave is small.
Running this race was a bean dip.Running this race was simple.
Running this race was a bean dip.Running this race was complex.
Running this race was a 7 layer dip.Running this race was complex.
Running this race was a 7 layer dip.Running this race was simple.
The plants were appetizers.The plants were uninteresting (small).
The plants were appetizers.These plants were complex (large).
The plants were the main course.These plants were complex (large).
The plants were the main course.The plants were uninteresting (small).
The wave has the power of a wrecking ball.The wave is strong.
The wave has the power of a wrecking ball.The wave is weak.
The wave has the power of a feather.The wave is weak.
The wave has the power of a feather.The wave is strong.
Running is as enjoyable as a root canal.Running is awful.
Running is as enjoyable as a root canal.Running is fun.
Running is as enjoyable as a day at the fair.Running is fun.
Running is as enjoyable as a day at the fair.Running is awful.
Growing plants is as easy as 1-2-3.Growing plants is easy.
Growing plants is as easy as 1-2-3.Growing plants is hard.
Growing plants is as easy as calculus.Growing plants is hard.
Growing plants is as easy as calculus.Growing plants is easy.
The exam schedule is as strict as a military leader.The exam schedule is very strict.
The exam schedule is as strict as a military leader.The exam schedule is very lenient.
The exam schedule is as strict as a preschool teacher.The exam schedule is very lenient.
The exam schedule is as strict as a preschool teacher.The exam schedule is very strict.
The puzzle was as challenging to complete as a physics phd.The puzzle was very difficult to complete.
The puzzle was as challenging to complete as a physics phd.The puzzle was very easy to complete.
The puzzle was as challenging to complete as a knock-knock joke.The puzzle was very easy to complete.
The puzzle was as challenging to complete as a knock-knock joke.The puzzle was very difficult to complete.
The woman's statements are as official as a social security card.The woman's statements are very official.
The woman's statements are as official as a social security card.The woman's statements are very unofficial.
The woman's statements are as official as a contract written on a napkin.The woman's statements are very unofficial.
The woman's statements are as official as a contract written on a napkin.The woman's statements are very official.
The wave climbed as high as an alp.The wave rose very high.
The wave climbed as high as an alp.The wave was minimal and subtle.
The wave climbed as high as a toddler.The wave was minimal and subtle.
The wave climbed as high as a toddler.The wave rose very high.
The garden was a haven of life.The garden was full of variety and diversity.
The garden was a haven of life.The garden was barren.
The garden was a a wasteland.The garden was barren.
The garden was a a wasteland.The garden was full of variety and diversity.
The president's speech was dynamite.The president's speech was exciting.
The president's speech was dynamite.The president's speech was underwhelming.
The president's speech was a wet blanket.The president's speech was underwhelming.
The president's speech was a wet blanket.The president's speech was exciting.
My kid's room was like looking at the damage of an f5 tornado.My kid's room was extremely messy.
My kid's room was like looking at the damage of an f5 tornado.My kid's room was neat and tidy.
My kid's room was like marine barracks just before inspection.My kid's room was neat and tidy.
My kid's room was like marine barracks just before inspection.My kid's room was extremely messy.
She had the look of someone that just scratched off a million dollar lottery ticket.She had the look of grtitude and joy.
She had the look of someone that just scratched off a million dollar lottery ticket.She had the look of sadness.
She had the look of a woman that lost the family dog.She had the look of sadness.
She had the look of a woman that lost the family dog.She had the look of grtitude and joy.
Her singing voice was like fingernails scraping across a chalkboard.Her singing voice was agonizing.
Her singing voice was like fingernails scraping across a chalkboard.Her singing voice was beautiful.
Her singing voice was like music at the entrance to heaven.Her singing voice was beautiful.
Her singing voice was like music at the entrance to heaven.Her singing voice was agonizing.
Love is a thrill ride.Love is very exciting.
Love is a thrill ride.Love is down to earth and chill.
Love is a fine wine.Love is down to earth and chill.
Love is a fine wine.Love is very exciting.
His mother was a shopaholic.His mother spends a lot.
His mother was a shopaholic.His mother tries to save as much as she can.
His mother was a penny pincher.His mother tries to save as much as she can.
His mother was a penny pincher.His mother spends a lot.
My body is as fit as an athlete.My body is fit.
My body is as fit as an athlete.My body is not fit.
My body is as fit as a manatee.My body is not fit.
My body is as fit as a manatee.My body is fit.
My goal is fruitfull like an apple grove.I am reaching my goal.
My goal is fruitfull like an apple grove.I am not reaching my goal.
My goal is fruitfull like a dead tree.I am not reaching my goal.
My goal is fruitfull like a dead tree.I am reaching my goal.
That bank branch is as honest as a saint.The bank branch is honest.
That bank branch is as honest as a saint.The bank branch is dishonest.
That bank branch is as honest as a crook.The bank branch is dishonest.
That bank branch is as honest as a crook.The bank branch is honest.
I have the face of a model.My face is attractive.
I have the face of a model.My face is hideous.
I have the face of a monster.My face is hideous.
I have the face of a monster.My face is attractive.
That branch is as strong as metal.That branch is strong.
That branch is as strong as metal.That branch is weak.
That branch is as strong as string.That branch is weak.
That branch is as strong as string.That branch is strong.
My new cologne smells like heaven.My new cologne smells great.
My new cologne smells like heaven.My new cologne smells awful.
My new cologne smells like death.My new cologne smells awful.
My new cologne smells like death.My new cologne smells great.
The wait for the train lasted as long as a line at the dmv.The wait for the train took a while.
The wait for the train lasted as long as a line at the dmv.The wait for the train was quick.
The wait for the train lasted as long as a sneeze.The wait for the train was quick.
The wait for the train lasted as long as a sneeze.The wait for the train took a while.
The fire was as hot as an active volcano.The fire was very hot.
The fire was as hot as an active volcano.The fire was not warm.
The fire was as hot as a desert at night.The fire was not warm.
The fire was as hot as a desert at night.The fire was very hot.
The movie was as sad as a stand up comedy show.The movie was happy.
The movie was as sad as a stand up comedy show.The movie was very sad.
The movie was as sad as the death of a pet.The movie was very sad.
The movie was as sad as the death of a pet.The movie was happy.
She had the body of a goat mixed with a cow.Her body was not pleasing to look at.
She had the body of a goat mixed with a cow.Her body was great to look at.
She had the body of a goddess.Her body was great to look at.
She had the body of a goddess.Her body was not pleasing to look at.
He missed the goal by a 100 miles.He wildly missed the goal.
He missed the goal by a 100 miles.He only slightly missed the goal.
He missed the goal by the length of a gnat.He only slightly missed the goal.
He missed the goal by the length of a gnat.He wildly missed the goal.
The branch was sharp like a knife.The branch was very sharp.
The branch was sharp like a knife.The branch was not sharp at all.
The branch was sharp like a rubber eraser.The branch was not sharp at all.
The branch was sharp like a rubber eraser.The branch was very sharp.
The body of the car was as sleek as the modern kitchen in a million dollar home.The car styling was modern.
The body of the car was as sleek as the modern kitchen in a million dollar home.The car styling was old-fashioned.
The body of the car was as sleek as a 1950s pickup truck.The car styling was old-fashioned.
The body of the car was as sleek as a 1950s pickup truck.The car styling was modern.
The women's financial goal reminded her accountant of people who eat ramen for a month in order to save extra money.The woman was willing to sacrifice to save money.
The women's financial goal reminded her accountant of people who eat ramen for a month in order to save extra money.The woman wasn't serious about saving money.
The women's financial goal reminded her accountant of people who only drink starbucks coffee everyday.The woman wasn't serious about saving money.
The women's financial goal reminded her accountant of people who only drink starbucks coffee everyday.The woman was willing to sacrifice to save money.
The branch that landed on his hood looked like the trunk of a 20-year-old oak.The branch was really big.
The branch that landed on his hood looked like the trunk of a 20-year-old oak.The branch was really small.
The branch that landed on his hood looked like maple tree seeds.The branch was really small.
The branch that landed on his hood looked like maple tree seeds.The branch was really big.
The goal was a sandbox.The goal was small.
The goal was a sandbox.The goal was large.
The goal was the sonoran desert.The goal was large.
The goal was the sonoran desert.The goal was small.
The bank's branch was a bonsai limb.The bank's branch was small.
The bank's branch was a bonsai limb.The bank's branch was large.
The bank's branch was an oak limb.The bank's branch was large.
The bank's branch was an oak limb.The bank's branch was small.
The honey was as well preserved as an undiscovered egyptian mummy.The honey was well preserved.
The honey was as well preserved as an undiscovered egyptian mummy.The honey wasn't preserved well.
The honey was as well preserved as a week old loaf of bread in a humid environment.The honey wasn't preserved well.
The honey was as well preserved as a week old loaf of bread in a humid environment.The honey was well preserved.
The candy was the price of a 99 cent item on clearance.The candy was very cheap.
The candy was the price of a 99 cent item on clearance.The candy was expensive.
The candy was the price of a manmade private island.The candy was expensive.
The candy was the price of a manmade private island.The candy was very cheap.
The country had the military power of pepsi after their deal with the soviet union.The country had a lot of military power.
The country had the military power of pepsi after their deal with the soviet union.The country had little military power.
The country had the military power of germany following world war ii.The country had little military power.
The country had the military power of germany following world war ii.The country had a lot of military power.
The razor is as sharp as a miniature samurai sword.The razor is sharp.
The razor is as sharp as a miniature samurai sword.The razor is dull.
The razor is as sharp as a butter knife.The razor is dull.
The razor is as sharp as a butter knife.The razor is sharp.
The window is as clear as a crystal.The window is clean.
The window is as clear as a crystal.The window is dirty.
The window is as clear as swamp.The window is dirty.
The window is as clear as swamp.The window is clean.
The odds look as good as gold.The odds are in their favor.
The odds look as good as gold.The odds are not in their favor.
The odds look as good as dirt.The odds are not in their favor.
The odds look as good as dirt.The odds are in their favor.
The razor was as sharp as a door knob.The razor is dull.
The razor was as sharp as a door knob.The razor is very sharp.
The razor was as sharp as an instrument that cuts through wood like butter.The razor is very sharp.
The razor was as sharp as an instrument that cuts through wood like butter.The razor is dull.
The window has the transparency of a glass full of muddy water.The window was opaque and difficult to see through.
The window has the transparency of a glass full of muddy water.The window is very transparent and one is able to see through it easily.
The window has the transparency of a telescope in a state-of-the-art observatory.The window is very transparent and one is able to see through it easily.
The window has the transparency of a telescope in a state-of-the-art observatory.The window was opaque and difficult to see through.
The odds for winning the prize are like that of having one lottery ticket among a billion.Winning the prize is almost impossible.
The odds for winning the prize are like that of having one lottery ticket among a billion.Winning the prize is pretty much a sure thing.
The odds for winning the prize are like that of an almost sure thing like rain in april.Winning the prize is pretty much a sure thing.
The odds for winning the prize are like that of an almost sure thing like rain in april.Winning the prize is almost impossible.
My car is looking like superman.My car is looking strong and attractive.
My car is looking like superman.My car is looking basic and unassuming.
My car is looking like clark kent.My car is looking basic and unassuming.
My car is looking like clark kent.My car is looking strong and attractive.
My social life is like a polar pop.My social life is quite cool right now.
My social life is like a polar pop.My social life is pretty hot right now.
My social life is like jerk chicken.My social life is pretty hot right now.
My social life is like jerk chicken.My social life is quite cool right now.
Your driving is like beach waves.Your driving is full of crashes.
Your driving is like beach waves.Your driving shows great skill.
Your driving is like a pro archer.Your driving shows great skill.
Your driving is like a pro archer.Your driving is full of crashes.
The wind was a howling banshee.The wind was fierce and ear-piercing.
The wind was a howling banshee.The wind was barely existent or audible.
The wind was a whisper.The wind was barely existent or audible.
The wind was a whisper.The wind was fierce and ear-piercing.
The ballerina performed as if on ice.The ballerina was gliding from on place to another with ease.
The ballerina performed as if on ice.The ballerina was incapable of performing as in encumbered by injury.
The ballerina performed as if on crutches.The ballerina was incapable of performing as in encumbered by injury.
The ballerina performed as if on crutches.The ballerina was gliding from on place to another with ease.
The child at dinner was a pig.The child ate all food without a second thought.
The child at dinner was a pig.The child only nibbled at his plate of food without consuming a great deal.
The child at dinner was a squirrel.The child only nibbled at his plate of food without consuming a great deal.
The child at dinner was a squirrel.The child ate all food without a second thought.
He was angry as a kitten.He was not angry but friendly and cuddly.
He was angry as a kitten.He was unmistakably angry.
He was angry as a fresh zit.He was unmistakably angry.
He was angry as a fresh zit.He was not angry but friendly and cuddly.
This razor is sharp like broken glass.This razor is very sharp.
This razor is sharp like broken glass.This razor is not sharp, rather dull.
This razor is sharp like a pillow.This razor is not sharp, rather dull.
This razor is sharp like a pillow.This razor is very sharp.
The view from the window was as stunning as a texas beauty queen.The view from the window was beautiful.
The view from the window was as stunning as a texas beauty queen.The view from the window was unattractive.
The view from the window was as stunning as a 50-year-old cat lady.The view from the window was unattractive.
The view from the window was as stunning as a 50-year-old cat lady.The view from the window was beautiful.
The blade was as sharp as a ripe banana.The blade was not sharp.
The blade was as sharp as a ripe banana.The blade was sharp.
The blade was as sharp as a jeopardy winner.The blade was sharp.
The blade was as sharp as a jeopardy winner.The blade was not sharp.
The odds were as good as the sun rising.The odds were good.
The odds were as good as the sun rising.The odds were not good.
The odds were as good as the sun not rising.The odds were not good.
The odds were as good as the sun not rising.The odds were good.
The window was as open as an exhibitionist's fly.The window was open.
The window was as open as an exhibitionist's fly.The window was closed.
The window was as open as donald trump's wallet.The window was closed.
The window was as open as donald trump's wallet.The window was open.
The windows are as clean as the pope's conscience.The windows are sparkling clean.
The windows are as clean as the pope's conscience.The windows are really dirty.
The windows are as clean as jack the ripper.The windows are really dirty.
The windows are as clean as jack the ripper.The windows are sparkling clean.
Those are the same odds as the chance of someone walking outside.The chances are very high.
Those are the same odds as the chance of someone walking outside.The chances are almost impossible.
Those are the same odds as the chance of the world exploding today.The chances are almost impossible.
Those are the same odds as the chance of the world exploding today.The chances are very high.
That gravy is about as thick as donald trumps ego.The gravy is really think.
That gravy is about as thick as donald trumps ego.The gravy is really thin.
That gravy is about as thick as air on a mountaintop.The gravy is really thin.
That gravy is about as thick as air on a mountaintop.The gravy is really think.
The thrill ride was about as thrilling as space flight.The thrill ride was thrilling.
The thrill ride was about as thrilling as space flight.The thrill ride was not thrilling.
The thrill ride was about as thrilling as math class.The thrill ride was not thrilling.
The thrill ride was about as thrilling as math class.The thrill ride was thrilling.
His idea was as logical as a math equation.His idea was logical.
His idea was as logical as a math equation.His idea was not logical.
His idea was as logical as a toddler's babbling.His idea was not logical.
His idea was as logical as a toddler's babbling.His idea was logical.
Seeing him again was like seeing an angel.Seeing him was pleasant.
Seeing him again was like seeing an angel.Seeing him was unpleasant.
Seeing him again was like seeing a living nightmare.Seeing him was unpleasant.
Seeing him again was like seeing a living nightmare.Seeing him was pleasant.
She is a peacock.She is colorful.
She is a peacock.She is bland.
She is a stork.She is bland.
She is a stork.She is colorful.
The ballerina was a butterfly.The ballerina was light on her feet.
The ballerina was a butterfly.The ballerina was heavy on her feet.
The ballerina was a rhino.The ballerina was heavy on her feet.
The ballerina was a rhino.The ballerina was light on her feet.
The moon is a boulder in the sky.The moon is huge.
The moon is a boulder in the sky.The moon is tiny.
The moon is a pebble in the sky.The moon is tiny.
The moon is a pebble in the sky.The moon is huge.
The snow was falling as heavy as a thick soup.The snow was falling hard.
The snow was falling as heavy as a thick soup.The snow was very light.
The snow was falling as heavy as a pinch of salt.The snow was very light.
The snow was falling as heavy as a pinch of salt.The snow was falling hard.
The dog was as quick as a man trying to get to the toilet in time.The dog was fast.
The dog was as quick as a man trying to get to the toilet in time.The dog was slow.
The dog was as quick as as an old man in a walker.The dog was slow.
The dog was as quick as as an old man in a walker.The dog was fast.
The air was as clean as fresh linens.The air was very clean.
The air was as clean as fresh linens.The air was dirty.
The air was as clean as a murky swamp.The air was dirty.
The air was as clean as a murky swamp.The air was very clean.
He was as delicate as a daisy.He was very delicate.
He was as delicate as a daisy.He was not delicate.
He was as delicate as as a rhino.He was not delicate.
He was as delicate as as a rhino.He was very delicate.
This road is as wide as the grand canyon.The road was very wide.
This road is as wide as the grand canyon.The road was not wide at all.
This road is as wide as a 12 pack of soda.The road was not wide at all.
This road is as wide as a 12 pack of soda.The road was very wide.
The car had the speed of a sloth.The car was very slow.
The car had the speed of a sloth.The car was very fast.
The car had the speed of five pumas.The car was very fast.
The car had the speed of five pumas.The car was very slow.
It was fresh like a spring day.It was very fresh.
It was fresh like a spring day.It wasn't fresh at all.
It was fresh like a rotten tomato.It wasn't fresh at all.
It was fresh like a rotten tomato.It was very fresh.
She liked people as much as she liked paying taxes.She didn't like people.
She liked people as much as she liked paying taxes.She loved people.
She liked people as much as she liked having fun.She loved people.
She liked people as much as she liked having fun.She didn't like people.
The woman's self-esteem bruised as easily as an avocado.The woman's self esteem easily bruised.
The woman's self-esteem bruised as easily as an avocado.The woman's self esteem was very sturdy.
The woman's self-esteem bruised as easily as a coconut.The woman's self esteem was very sturdy.
The woman's self-esteem bruised as easily as a coconut.The woman's self esteem easily bruised.
The woman's ideas were as outdated as a brown banana.The woman's ideas were stale.
The woman's ideas were as outdated as a brown banana.The woman's ideas were novel.
The woman's ideas were as outdated as a news headline.The woman's ideas were novel.
The woman's ideas were as outdated as a news headline.The woman's ideas were stale.
The business plan's timeline was a highway.The business plan's timeline was very quick.
The business plan's timeline was a highway.The business plan's timeline was very slow.
The business plan's timeline was a local road.The business plan's timeline was very slow.
The business plan's timeline was a local road.The business plan's timeline was very quick.
Throwing away a salad was as logical as taking out the trash.The salad was no good.
Throwing away a salad was as logical as taking out the trash.The salad was good food and should have been eaten.
Throwing away a salad was as logical as not putting your wallet in your purse before taking out the trash.The salad was good food and should have been eaten.
Throwing away a salad was as logical as not putting your wallet in your purse before taking out the trash.The salad was no good.
The seal on the tupperware was as reliable as taking the train in the winter.The seal almost always worked.
The seal on the tupperware was as reliable as taking the train in the winter.Sometimes it wouldn't behave as expected.
The seal on the tupperware was as reliable as driving a car in the winter.Sometimes it wouldn't behave as expected.
The seal on the tupperware was as reliable as driving a car in the winter.The seal almost always worked.
This album is like the soundtrack to a powerpoint presentation on the color beige.This album is dull and uninteresting.
This album is like the soundtrack to a powerpoint presentation on the color beige.This album is stimulating and exciting.
This album is like the soundtrack to an acid-tinged rollercoaster ride through paradise.This album is stimulating and exciting.
This album is like the soundtrack to an acid-tinged rollercoaster ride through paradise.This album is dull and uninteresting.
The date was as enjoyable as watching a slowly rotting bowl of fruit.The date was miserable and dull.
The date was as enjoyable as watching a slowly rotting bowl of fruit.The date was sweet and enjoyable.
The date was as enjoyable as watching an army of kittens frolicking in a meadow.The date was sweet and enjoyable.
The date was as enjoyable as watching an army of kittens frolicking in a meadow.The date was miserable and dull.
The movie critic was about as cultured as the contents of a petri dish.The movie critic was uncultured.
The movie critic was about as cultured as the contents of a petri dish.The movie critic was cultured.
The movie critic was about as cultured as a diamond-studded countess spouting shakespeare quotes.The movie critic was cultured.
The movie critic was about as cultured as a diamond-studded countess spouting shakespeare quotes.The movie critic was uncultured.
Her status was as up in the air as the stock market.It was not sure.
Her status was as up in the air as the stock market.It was definite.
Her status was as up in the air as the sun rising.It was definite.
Her status was as up in the air as the sun rising.It was not sure.
His work as as bad as the us invasion of iraq.It was bad.
His work as as bad as the us invasion of iraq.It was great.
His work as as bad as a cancer charity.It was great.
His work as as bad as a cancer charity.It was bad.
His shirt was as ugly as a headless raccoon.It was hideous.
His shirt was as ugly as a headless raccoon.It was pretty.
His shirt was as ugly as a flower in may.It was pretty.
His shirt was as ugly as a flower in may.It was hideous.
That woman is as tall as a person on stilts.That woman is very tall.
That woman is as tall as a person on stilts.That woman is very short.
That woman is as tall as a person in a hole.That woman is very short.
That woman is as tall as a person in a hole.That woman is very tall.
That man is as rich as a sweet, chocolate cake.That man is very wealthy.
That man is as rich as a sweet, chocolate cake.That man is very poor.
That man is as rich as a homeless person.That man is very poor.
That man is as rich as a homeless person.That man is very wealthy.
That woman works as fast as ants on a strawberry.That woman works quickly.
That woman works as fast as ants on a strawberry.That woman works slowly.
That woman works as fast as a sloth.That woman works slowly.
That woman works as fast as a sloth.That woman works quickly.
His status was as high as a bathroom attendant.His status was not high.
His status was as high as a bathroom attendant.His status was high.
His status was as high as the king of england.His status was high.
His status was as high as the king of england.His status was not high.
He worked as hard as napping night watchman.He did not work hard.
He worked as hard as napping night watchman.He worked hard.
He worked as hard as a miner on speed.He worked hard.
He worked as hard as a miner on speed.He did not work hard.
The book had the depth of a nursery rhyme.The book was shallow.
The book had the depth of a nursery rhyme.The book was deep.
The book had the depth of a a shakespeare play.The book was deep.
The book had the depth of a a shakespeare play.The book was shallow.
The jacket was as warm as a cup of coffee.The jacket kept me warm.
The jacket was as warm as a cup of coffee.The jacket made me cold.
The jacket was as warm as a winter night.The jacket made me cold.
The jacket was as warm as a winter night.The jacket kept me warm.
The floor was as slippery as a wet river rock.The floor was slippery.
The floor was as slippery as a wet river rock.The floor had grip.
The floor was as slippery as a layer of sandpaper.The floor had grip.
The floor was as slippery as a layer of sandpaper.The floor was slippery.
The woman was as old as the roman empire.The woman was really old.
The woman was as old as the roman empire.The woman was younger.
The woman was as old as the internet.The woman was younger.
The woman was as old as the internet.The woman was really old.
He held the status of an emperor.He was a high status individual.
He held the status of an emperor.He was a low status individual.
He held the status of an exiled peasant.He was a low status individual.
He held the status of an exiled peasant.He was a high status individual.
The work day passed in the blink of an eye.The day went by quickly.
The work day passed in the blink of an eye.The day went by slowly.
The work day took an ice age to pass.The day went by slowly.
The work day took an ice age to pass.The day went by quickly.
Given its popularity, the baker's fudge could be mistaken for gold bricks.The fudge was popular.
Given its popularity, the baker's fudge could be mistaken for gold bricks.The fudge was unpopular.
Given its popularity, the baker's fudge could be mistaken for mud.The fudge was unpopular.
Given its popularity, the baker's fudge could be mistaken for mud.The fudge was popular.
It was shiny like silverware.It was very shiny.
It was shiny like silverware.It was dull.
It was shiny like a calcium deposit.It was dull.
It was shiny like a calcium deposit.It was very shiny.
His life was a smooth sail.His life was easy.
His life was a smooth sail.His life was hard.
His life was a rollercoaster.His life was hard.
His life was a rollercoaster.His life was easy.
He was worldly like a airplane.He was very worldly.
He was worldly like a airplane.He was very sheltered.
He was worldly like a small town.He was very sheltered.
He was worldly like a small town.He was very worldly.
The bike was as squeaky as a mouse.The bike was really noisy.
The bike was as squeaky as a mouse.The bike was noiseless.
The bike was as squeaky as a sleeping baby.The bike was noiseless.
The bike was as squeaky as a sleeping baby.The bike was really noisy.
The vacuum sucked as much as a black hole.The vacuum sucked really well.
The vacuum sucked as much as a black hole.The vacuum sucked poorly.
The vacuum sucked as much as a fan.The vacuum sucked poorly.
The vacuum sucked as much as a fan.The vacuum sucked really well.
The headphones were as loud as a concert.The headphones were really loud.
The headphones were as loud as a concert.The headphones were really quiet.
The headphones were as loud as a church mouse.The headphones were really quiet.
The headphones were as loud as a church mouse.The headphones were really loud.
She looks like fresh meat.Her appearance is youthful and attractive.
She looks like fresh meat.Her appearance is withered and unappealing.
She looks like fermented tofu.Her appearance is withered and unappealing.
She looks like fermented tofu.Her appearance is youthful and attractive.
Her personality is like an open book.She has a simple mind and her action is predictable.
Her personality is like an open book.She has a complicated mind and sometimes she is unpredictable.
Her personality is like a closed book.She has a complicated mind and sometimes she is unpredictable.
Her personality is like a closed book.She has a simple mind and her action is predictable.
Our relationship is a bonfire.We have so much passion for each other and we can see a future together.
Our relationship is a bonfire.We don't have feelings for each other anymore our love for each other is dead we don't want to be together anymore but none of us want to break up first, so we just let things automatically end.
Our relationship is a withered flower.We don't have feelings for each other anymore our love for each other is dead we don't want to be together anymore but none of us want to break up first, so we just let things automatically end.
Our relationship is a withered flower.We have so much passion for each other and we can see a future together.
The man learned that sprinting in life was like reading a book while watching a movie.The man learned sprinting was the same as missing all the important parts.
The man learned that sprinting in life was like reading a book while watching a movie.The man learned that sprinting was like making sure you get the good parts.
The man learned that sprinting in life was like taking notes while watching a movie.The man learned that sprinting was like making sure you get the good parts.
The man learned that sprinting in life was like taking notes while watching a movie.The man learned sprinting was the same as missing all the important parts.
The man was as excited for his voyage as a little boy laying out his outfit for the first day of school.The man was anticipating the voyage greatly.
The man was as excited for his voyage as a little boy laying out his outfit for the first day of school.Man found the voyage tiring.
The man was as excited for his voyage as an 18 year old boy getting up for his 100th day of his senior year.Man found the voyage tiring.
The man was as excited for his voyage as an 18 year old boy getting up for his 100th day of his senior year.The man was anticipating the voyage greatly.
The price of the goods reminded the man of paying per pound for fine chocolates.The man found the price of the goods were expensive, but worth it.
The price of the goods reminded the man of paying per pound for fine chocolates.The man found the price of the goods annoying and and something to avoid.
The price of the goods reminded the man of paying a toll at a toll booth.The man found the price of the goods annoying and and something to avoid.
The price of the goods reminded the man of paying a toll at a toll booth.The man found the price of the goods were expensive, but worth it.
I need another car like a hunter needs camo.I need another car.
I need another car like a hunter needs camo.I do not need another car.
I need another car like a bird needs shoes.I do not need another car.
I need another car like a bird needs shoes.I need another car.
The book is as useful as an outdoor seatbelt.The book is not helpful.
The book is as useful as an outdoor seatbelt.The book is helpful.
The book is as useful as a paperclip on mcgyver.The book is helpful.
The book is as useful as a paperclip on mcgyver.The book is not helpful.
The answer is as clear as hd windex.The answer is obvious.
The answer is as clear as hd windex.The answer is obscure.
The answer is as clear as asset allocations.The answer is obscure.
The answer is as clear as asset allocations.The answer is obvious.
I can sprint like a cheetah.I can sprint fast.
I can sprint like a cheetah.I sprint slowly.
I can sprint like a tortoise.I sprint slowly.
I can sprint like a tortoise.I can sprint fast.
These goods are as valuable as treasure.These goods are valuable.
These goods are as valuable as treasure.These goods are not valuable.
These goods are as valuable as trash.These goods are not valuable.
These goods are as valuable as trash.These goods are valuable.
Our voyage was as long as a lifetime.Our voyage was long.
Our voyage was as long as a lifetime.Our voyage was short.
Our voyage was as long as the blink of an eye.Our voyage was short.
Our voyage was as long as the blink of an eye.Our voyage was long.
She liked drama like a highschool cheerleader.She loved drama.
She liked drama like a highschool cheerleader.She avoided drama.
She liked drama like a secluded monk.She avoided drama.
She liked drama like a secluded monk.She loved drama.
The book was as confusing as advanced physics.The book was very confusing.
The book was as confusing as advanced physics.The book wasn't confusing at all.
The book was as confusing as cat in the hat.The book wasn't confusing at all.
The book was as confusing as cat in the hat.The book was very confusing.
He curses like a drunken sailor.He cursed a lot.
He curses like a drunken sailor.He didn't curse.
He curses like an infant.He didn't curse.
He curses like an infant.He cursed a lot.
The sprinter ran as fast as a falling snowflake.The sprinter ran slowly.
The sprinter ran as fast as a falling snowflake.The sprinter ran fast.
The sprinter ran as fast as an x-ray.The sprinter ran fast.
The sprinter ran as fast as an x-ray.The sprinter ran slowly.
The voyage turned out to be as enjoyable as a visit to the dentist.The voyage turned out not to be enjoyable.
The voyage turned out to be as enjoyable as a visit to the dentist.The voyage turned out to be enjoyable.
The voyage turned out to be as enjoyable as a visit to disney world.The voyage turned out to be enjoyable.
The voyage turned out to be as enjoyable as a visit to disney world.The voyage turned out not to be enjoyable.
The haul was as valuable as a mud hut.The haul was not valuable.
The haul was as valuable as a mud hut.The haul was valuable.
The haul was as valuable as a house made of gold.The haul was valuable.
The haul was as valuable as a house made of gold.The haul was not valuable.
What happened, you look like a zombie.What happened, you don't look so good.
What happened, you look like a zombie.What happened, you look great.
What happened, you look like a lottery winner.What happened, you look great.
What happened, you look like a lottery winner.What happened, you don't look so good.
That waters as clean as a muddy river.That water is really dirty.
That waters as clean as a muddy river.That water is very clean and pure.
That waters as clean as a mountain spring.That water is very clean and pure.
That waters as clean as a mountain spring.That water is really dirty.
That movie was as scary as a near death experience.That movie was terrifying.
That movie was as scary as a near death experience.That movie wasn't scary at all.
That movie was as scary as a kids cartoon.That movie wasn't scary at all.
That movie was as scary as a kids cartoon.That movie was terrifying.
He was as thin as a rod.He was very thin.
He was as thin as a rod.He was not thin.
He was as thin as a refrigerator.He was not thin.
He was as thin as a refrigerator.He was very thin.
He was heavy like a weight.He was very heavy.
He was heavy like a weight.He was light.
He was heavy like a feather.He was light.
He was heavy like a feather.He was very heavy.
He was noble like a stead.He was very loyal.
He was noble like a stead.He wasn't loyal at all.
He was noble like a jester.He wasn't loyal at all.
He was noble like a jester.He was very loyal.
In the kitchen, she's like a wizard.She's an excellent cook.
In the kitchen, she's like a wizard.She's a terrible cook.
In the kitchen, she's like a sinking ship.She's a terrible cook.
In the kitchen, she's like a sinking ship.She's an excellent cook.
The house is a veritable showplace.The house is appealing.
The house is a veritable showplace.The house is unappealing.
The house is a veritable dump.The house is unappealing.
The house is a veritable dump.The house is appealing.
He has the intellect of a mensa member.He is intelligent.
He has the intellect of a mensa member.He is dumb.
He has the intellect of a country bumpkin.He is dumb.
He has the intellect of a country bumpkin.He is intelligent.
The story plot is a headless chicken.Is confusing.
The story plot is a headless chicken.Is straight-forward.
The story plot is a bird dog.Is straight-forward.
The story plot is a bird dog.Is confusing.
The wrestler is rubbermaid.The wrestler is resilient.
The wrestler is rubbermaid.The wrestler is breakable.
The wrestler is styrofoam.The wrestler is breakable.
The wrestler is styrofoam.The wrestler is resilient.
He is a kiddie pool.He is gross.
He is a kiddie pool.His is clean.
He is a pool of bleach.His is clean.
He is a pool of bleach.He is gross.
The car has the speed of an old sloth.The car is very slow.
The car has the speed of an old sloth.The car is very fast.
The car has the speed of prisoner on the run.The car is very fast.
The car has the speed of prisoner on the run.The car is very slow.
The man has the self-control of a toddler with candy.The man has little self-control.
The man has the self-control of a toddler with candy.The man has much self-control.
The man has the self-control of a priest on sunday.The man has much self-control.
The man has the self-control of a priest on sunday.The man has little self-control.
The chef had a heart as warm as a cup of cocoa.The chef was warm-hearted.
The chef had a heart as warm as a cup of cocoa.The chef was cold-hearted.
The chef had a heart as warm a milkshake.The chef was cold-hearted.
The chef had a heart as warm a milkshake.The chef was warm-hearted.
That woman has the mental acuity of a brick.That woman is dumb.
That woman has the mental acuity of a brick.That woman js really smart.
That woman has the mental acuity of a computer.That woman js really smart.
That woman has the mental acuity of a computer.That woman is dumb.
The man smells like dirty socks.The man smells bad.
The man smells like dirty socks.The man smells good.
The man smells like an ocean breeze.The man smells good.
The man smells like an ocean breeze.The man smells bad.
The child is as lighthearted as a balloon.The child is very lighthearted.
The child is as lighthearted as a balloon.The child is very seriois.
The child is as lighthearted as a funeral.The child is very seriois.
The child is as lighthearted as a funeral.The child is very lighthearted.
The children were apes on the jungle gym.The children were filled with ceaseless activity.
The children were apes on the jungle gym.The children languished at the gym, without motion.
The children were sloths on the jungle gym.The children languished at the gym, without motion.
The children were sloths on the jungle gym.The children were filled with ceaseless activity.
On the highway my father was a rogue.On the highway my father followed his own set of ideals and restrictions.
On the highway my father was a rogue.On the highway my father followed rules to a tee.
On the highway my father was a monk.On the highway my father followed rules to a tee.
On the highway my father was a monk.On the highway my father followed his own set of ideals and restrictions.
The ocean was a boiling pot.The ocean was attempting to boil over with volativity.
The ocean was a boiling pot.The ocean was placid and serene.
The ocean was a blank page.The ocean was placid and serene.
The ocean was a blank page.The ocean was attempting to boil over with volativity.
My friend slept as much as a dog.My friend slept a lot.
My friend slept as much as a dog.My friend didn't sleep a lot.
My friend slept as much as a dolphin.My friend didn't sleep a lot.
My friend slept as much as a dolphin.My friend slept a lot.
The entrepreneur had the financial resources of the biblical solomon.The entrepreneur was financially rich.
The entrepreneur had the financial resources of the biblical solomon.The entrepreneur was financially poor.
The entrepreneur had the financial resources of mozart at the end of his life.The entrepreneur was financially poor.
The entrepreneur had the financial resources of mozart at the end of his life.The entrepreneur was financially rich.
The father had as much power in his household as the pope.The father had absolute power in his household.
The father had as much power in his household as the pope.The father barely had any power in his household.
The father had as much power in his household as a medieval serf.The father barely had any power in his household.
The father had as much power in his household as a medieval serf.The father had absolute power in his household.
These batteries last as long as one firecracker.The batteries dont last very long.
These batteries last as long as one firecracker.The batteries last a long time.
These batteries last as long as the tribulation.The batteries last a long time.
These batteries last as long as the tribulation.The batteries dont last very long.
The air here is a healthy as a vegans tofu breakfast.The air quality is good.
The air here is a healthy as a vegans tofu breakfast.The air quality is poor.
The air here is a healthy as eating a tums for breakfast.The air quality is poor.
The air here is a healthy as eating a tums for breakfast.The air quality is good.
The band sounded as good as having thanksgiving dinner at taco bell.The band does not play well.
The band sounded as good as having thanksgiving dinner at taco bell.The band plays well.
The band sounded as good as beating the train on monday morning.The band plays well.
The band sounded as good as beating the train on monday morning.The band does not play well.
The project was as hard as a science test.It was complicated.
The project was as hard as a science test.It was simple.
The project was as hard as melted ice cream.It was simple.
The project was as hard as melted ice cream.It was complicated.
The taco was as spicy as hot sauce.It had a kick to it.
The taco was as spicy as hot sauce.It was very mild.
The taco was as spicy as oat meal.It was very mild.
The taco was as spicy as oat meal.It had a kick to it.
The book was as heavy as a widow's heart.It was hard to carry.
The book was as heavy as a widow's heart.It was light.
The book was as heavy as a sheet of paper.It was light.
The book was as heavy as a sheet of paper.It was hard to carry.
The teacher was a lion.The teacher is loud and in charge.
The teacher was a lion.The teacher is quiet and unassuming.
The teacher was a mouse.The teacher is quiet and unassuming.
The teacher was a mouse.The teacher is loud and in charge.
The two friends were a lock and a key.The two friends worked well together.
The two friends were a lock and a key.The two friends were opposites/had opposing energies.
The two friends were fire and ice.The two friends were opposites/had opposing energies.
The two friends were fire and ice.The two friends worked well together.
The family awaited the meal, which was a crown jewel.The meal was wonderful and delicious, a main course to be desired.
The family awaited the meal, which was a crown jewel.The meal was not at all appetizing.
The family awaited the meal, which was a lump of coal.The meal was not at all appetizing.
The family awaited the meal, which was a lump of coal.The meal was wonderful and delicious, a main course to be desired.
My sprained ankle pain is being shot at five hundred times.My sprained ankle is unbearable.
My sprained ankle pain is being shot at five hundred times.My sprained ankle is in very little pain.
My sprained ankle pain is a feather falling on it and tickling it.My sprained ankle is in very little pain.
My sprained ankle pain is a feather falling on it and tickling it.My sprained ankle is unbearable.
My intuition is shooting a bullet and expecting the wind to catch it.My intuition is nonexistent.
My intuition is shooting a bullet and expecting the wind to catch it.My intuition is spot on.
My intuition is punching someone squarely in the face.My intuition is spot on.
My intuition is punching someone squarely in the face.My intuition is nonexistent.
My ant bite has the itch of a thousand spears stabbing me.My ant bite itch is really, really itchy and hurts.
My ant bite has the itch of a thousand spears stabbing me.My ant bite isn't that itchy.
My ant bite has the itch of a crab losing at poker against me.My ant bite isn't that itchy.
My ant bite has the itch of a crab losing at poker against me.My ant bite itch is really, really itchy and hurts.
Desire is like a maniac.Desire can lead a person to do insane things if not controlled.
Desire is like a maniac.We need desire to empower us to succeed in life like having beauty products empower us by giving us that  unique look and the feel better factor.
Desire is like beauty products.We need desire to empower us to succeed in life like having beauty products empower us by giving us that  unique look and the feel better factor.
Desire is like beauty products.Desire can lead a person to do insane things if not controlled.
Time is like opportunities you have.Once lost can never be recovered.
Time is like opportunities you have.We should change our perspective and stop seeing time spent as time wasted because they are valuable experience ( an asset ).
Time is like our life experiences.We should change our perspective and stop seeing time spent as time wasted because they are valuable experience ( an asset ).
Time is like our life experiences.Once lost can never be recovered.
Love is like having a pet.It's wonderful and happy when you have it and painful when lost.
Love is like having a pet.Love is never boring and never unhappy end when the show ends.
Love is like a stand-up comedy show.Love is never boring and never unhappy end when the show ends.
Love is like a stand-up comedy show.It's wonderful and happy when you have it and painful when lost.
I wanted that gift as much as cancer.I did not want that gift.
I wanted that gift as much as cancer.I wanted that gift.
I wanted that gift as much as a million bucks.I wanted that gift.
I wanted that gift as much as a million bucks.I did not want that gift.
Time passed as fast as drying paint.Time passed slowly.
Time passed as fast as drying paint.Time passed quickly.
Time passed as fast as a race car.Time passed quickly.
Time passed as fast as a race car.Time passed slowly.
Their system is as modern as the abacus.Their system is not modern.
Their system is as modern as the abacus.Their system is modern.
Their system is as modern as a 512g phone.Their system is modern.
Their system is as modern as a 512g phone.Their system is not modern.
That news was like a thick milkshake.That news was hard to swallow.
That news was like a thick milkshake.That news was easy to swallow.
That news was like having some tuna.That news was easy to swallow.
That news was like having some tuna.That news was hard to swallow.
This test will be like moving a handful of talc.This test will easy to pass.
This test will be like moving a handful of talc.This test will be really hard to pass.
This test will be penitrating graphene.This test will be really hard to pass.
This test will be penitrating graphene.This test will easy to pass.
Her speech came off like someone taking a breath.Her speech seemed quite effortless.
Her speech came off like someone taking a breath.Her speech seemed a bit unnatural.
Her speech came off like making spandex.Her speech seemed a bit unnatural.
Her speech came off like making spandex.Her speech seemed quite effortless.
It was dry like the desert.It was very dry.
It was dry like the desert.It wasn't dry.
It was dry like the ocean.It wasn't dry.
It was dry like the ocean.It was very dry.
Time moves as quick as rocket ship.Time moves really fast.
Time moves as quick as rocket ship.Time does not move fast at all.
Time moves as quick as a broken bicycle.Time does not move fast at all.
Time moves as quick as a broken bicycle.Time moves really fast.
That is about as modern as last century.That's old and not modern at all.
That is about as modern as last century.That's new and cutting edge modern.
That is about as modern as tomorrow.That's new and cutting edge modern.
That is about as modern as tomorrow.That's old and not modern at all.
I desire that as much as i desire winning the lotto.I really desire that.
I desire that as much as i desire winning the lotto.I have no desire for that.
I desire that as much as i desire a car crash.I have no desire for that.
I desire that as much as i desire a car crash.I really desire that.
A moustache is a lip mask.A moustache hides the upper lip.
A moustache is a lip mask.A moustache draws attention to the upper lip.
A moustache is a lip decoration.A moustache draws attention to the upper lip.
A moustache is a lip decoration.A moustache hides the upper lip.
A spiderweb is a well-built home.Spiders live comfortably in their webs.
A spiderweb is a well-built home.A spider's prey dies in the spiderweb.
A spiderweb is a cemetary.A spider's prey dies in the spiderweb.
A spiderweb is a cemetary.Spiders live comfortably in their webs.
A calculator is a brilliant mathematician.Calculators perform complicated computations very quickly.
A calculator is a brilliant mathematician.Calculators perform computations effortlessly.
A calculator is a lazy mathematician.Calculators perform computations effortlessly.
A calculator is a lazy mathematician.Calculators perform complicated computations very quickly.
The weather is as emotional as a theatrical play.The weather is lively.
The weather is as emotional as a theatrical play.The weather is muted.
The weather is as emotional as a librarian.The weather is muted.
The weather is as emotional as a librarian.The weather is lively.
The air is as thick as cheese on a pizza.The air is humid.
The air is as thick as cheese on a pizza.The air is arid.
The air is as thick as tissue paper.The air is arid.
The air is as thick as tissue paper.The air is humid.
The cat had the friendliness of a hungry shark.The cat was mean.
The cat had the friendliness of a hungry shark.The cat was welcoming.
The cat had the friendliness of a day at the beach.The cat was welcoming.
The cat had the friendliness of a day at the beach.The cat was mean.
The strategy is like  5 day old trash.The strategy is bad.
The strategy is like  5 day old trash.The strategy is good in an extra way.
The strategy is whipped cream on coffee.The strategy is good in an extra way.
The strategy is whipped cream on coffee.The strategy is bad.
The strawberry tastes like a dasani water.The strawberry tastes blandly and badly.
The strawberry tastes like a dasani water.The strawberry tastes really good.
The strawberry tastes like a rainbow.The strawberry tastes really good.
The strawberry tastes like a rainbow.The strawberry tastes blandly and badly.
The date was like being hit by lightning.The date was painfully bad.
The date was like being hit by lightning.The date was good.
The date was like the first sip of coffee.The date was good.
The date was like the first sip of coffee.The date was painfully bad.
The dog barked as loud as a train.The dog was loud.
The dog barked as loud as a train.Thendog was quiet.
The dog barked as loud as an ant.Thendog was quiet.
The dog barked as loud as an ant.The dog was loud.
The fishtank was as big as a house.The fishtank was large.
The fishtank was as big as a house.The fishtank was small.
The fishtank was as big as a pill box.The fishtank was small.
The fishtank was as big as a pill box.The fishtank was large.
The flower smelled as good as a skunk.The flower smelled bad.
The flower smelled as good as a skunk.The flower smelled good.
The flower smelled as good as a bakery.The flower smelled good.
The flower smelled as good as a bakery.The flower smelled bad.
I'm as emotional as a kid seeing santa.I'm excited.
I'm as emotional as a kid seeing santa.I'm screaming and angry.
I'm as emotional as a person who just stepped on a lego.I'm screaming and angry.
I'm as emotional as a person who just stepped on a lego.I'm excited.
The clouds are like marshmellows.The clouds are very fluffy and white.
The clouds are like marshmellows.The clouds are very big.
The clouds are as big as a house.The clouds are very big.
The clouds are as big as a house.The clouds are very fluffy and white.
The woman was as pale as a wall.The woman was very white.
The woman was as pale as a wall.The woman ate really fast.
The woman ate as fast as a growing boy.The woman ate really fast.
The woman ate as fast as a growing boy.The woman was very white.
The man had the emotional intelligence of a rock.The man was socially awkward.
The man had the emotional intelligence of a rock.The man was socially adept.
The man had the emotional intelligence of an empath.The man was socially adept.
The man had the emotional intelligence of an empath.The man was socially awkward.
The song had the emotional depth of a nursery rhyme.The song was trite.
The song had the emotional depth of a nursery rhyme.The song was moving.
The song had the emotional depth of a final farewell.The song was moving.
The song had the emotional depth of a final farewell.The song was trite.
The air was like a placid pont.The air was still.
The air was like a placid pont.The air was frenzied.
The air was like a whirling dervish.The air was frenzied.
The air was like a whirling dervish.The air was still.
The strategy of the enemy was that of a desperate criminal on the run.The enemy's strategy is poor and sporadic.
The strategy of the enemy was that of a desperate criminal on the run.The enemy's strategy is excellent and well planned.
The strategy of the enemy was that of a mastermind like a desert fox.The enemy's strategy is excellent and well planned.
The strategy of the enemy was that of a mastermind like a desert fox.The enemy's strategy is poor and sporadic.
The air in the compartment is like that of a dirty clothes hamper.The air was not fresh and smelly.
The air in the compartment is like that of a dirty clothes hamper.The air was fresh and clean.
The air in the compartment is like that of a morning breeze on the plains.The air was fresh and clean.
The air in the compartment is like that of a morning breeze on the plains.The air was not fresh and smelly.
The emotional level at the game is like that of a boring funeral.The game is boring and unexciting.
The emotional level at the game is like that of a boring funeral.The game is exciting and action-packed.
The emotional level at the game is like that of a constant standing ovation.The game is exciting and action-packed.
The emotional level at the game is like that of a constant standing ovation.The game is boring and unexciting.
The cat has the energy of a nuclear power plant.The cat is energetic.
The cat has the energy of a nuclear power plant.The cat is not energetic.
The cat has the energy of a comatose person.The cat is not energetic.
The cat has the energy of a comatose person.The cat is energetic.
The train was as reliable as old faithful.The train was reliable.
The train was as reliable as old faithful.The train was unreliable.
The train was as reliable as a back alley drug addict.The train was unreliable.
The train was as reliable as a back alley drug addict.The train was reliable.
The air was as fresh as a spring breeze in the morning.The air was fresh.
The air was as fresh as a spring breeze in the morning.The air was stale.
The air was as fresh as a dumpster fire.The air was stale.
The air was as fresh as a dumpster fire.The air was fresh.
The feeling in the air is as emotional as a corpse.The feeling in the air is non existent, there is none.
The feeling in the air is as emotional as a corpse.The feeling in the air is very emotional.
The feeling in the air is as emotional as a wedding.The feeling in the air is very emotional.
The feeling in the air is as emotional as a wedding.The feeling in the air is non existent, there is none.
Her strategy was as complicated as a nursery rhyme.Her strategy was not complex or in-depth.
Her strategy was as complicated as a nursery rhyme.Her strategy was very complicated.
Her strategy was as complicated as a calculus equation.Her strategy was very complicated.
Her strategy was as complicated as a calculus equation.Her strategy was not complex or in-depth.
The airplane's leg room is as big as a apartment in manhattan.The airplane has almost no leg room.
The airplane's leg room is as big as a apartment in manhattan.The airplane has a ton of leg room.
The airplane's leg room is as big as the sea.The airplane has a ton of leg room.
The airplane's leg room is as big as the sea.The airplane has almost no leg room.
This toy is as action packed as spider man before he was bitten.The toy is not action packed.
This toy is as action packed as spider man before he was bitten.The toy is action packed.
This toy is as action packed as the avengers when theyre all together.The toy is action packed.
This toy is as action packed as the avengers when theyre all together.The toy is not action packed.
That car is as fast as a sloth climbing a tree.The car is slow.
That car is as fast as a sloth climbing a tree.The car is fast.
That car is as fast as my dog when they hear the treats open.The car is fast.
That car is as fast as my dog when they hear the treats open.The car is slow.
The water is as cold as a bucket of frozen ice.The water is very cold.
The water is as cold as a bucket of frozen ice.The water is warm.
The water is as cold as a sauna in the summer.The water is warm.
The water is as cold as a sauna in the summer.The water is very cold.
The article was as clear as day.The article was easy to understand.
The article was as clear as day.The article was hard to understand.
The article was as clear as night.The article was hard to understand.
The article was as clear as night.The article was easy to understand.
The farmer was as busy as a bee.The farmer was busy.
The farmer was as busy as a bee.The farmer wasn't busy.
The farmer was as busy as a sloth.The farmer wasn't busy.
The farmer was as busy as a sloth.The farmer was busy.
The dog was as a lazy as a bee.The dog was busy.
The dog was as a lazy as a bee.The dog was lazy.
The dog was as a lazy as a sloth.The dog was lazy.
The dog was as a lazy as a sloth.The dog was busy.
Sleeping over at his house is like spending a night at the waldorf astoria.He has very nice accommodations.
Sleeping over at his house is like spending a night at the waldorf astoria.He has below average accommodations.
Sleeping over at his house is like spending a night at the motel 6.He has below average accommodations.
Sleeping over at his house is like spending a night at the motel 6.He has very nice accommodations.
When she waits on you, she'll make you feel like the sultan of brunei.ask him tio.She provides good service.
When she waits on you, she'll make you feel like the sultan of brunei.ask him tio.She provides bad service.
When she waits on you, she'll make you feel like she's doing you a favor.She provides bad service.
When she waits on you, she'll make you feel like she's doing you a favor.She provides good service.
Ask him to complete a task, and he moves like a bullet train.He works quickly.
Ask him to complete a task, and he moves like a bullet train.He works slowly.
Ask him to complete a task, and he moves like molasses.He works slowly.
Ask him to complete a task, and he moves like molasses.He works quickly.
The new toy was as safe as a sharp razor.The new toy was not safe.
The new toy was as safe as a sharp razor.The new toy was safe.
The new toy was as safe as a pillow.The new toy was safe.
The new toy was as safe as a pillow.The new toy was not safe.
The formula was as secret as coca cola's recipe.The formula was secret.
The formula was as secret as coca cola's recipe.The formula was not secret.
The formula was as secret as the times table.The formula was not secret.
The formula was as secret as the times table.The formula was secret.
The new dish tasted like aquarium water.The new dish tasted bad.
The new dish tasted like aquarium water.The new dish tasted good.
The new dish tasted like a five-star meal.The new dish tasted good.
The new dish tasted like a five-star meal.The new dish tasted bad.
The girlfriend's anger was a shaken bottle of soda.The girlfriend's anger would explode if opened; a matter of when, not if.
The girlfriend's anger was a shaken bottle of soda.The girlfriend's anger was dormant and impossible to awake.
The girlfriend's anger was a corpse.The girlfriend's anger was dormant and impossible to awake.
The girlfriend's anger was a corpse.The girlfriend's anger would explode if opened; a matter of when, not if.
The soldier on the battlefield was a roaring lion.The solider showed no fear and inspired his fellow troops.
The soldier on the battlefield was a roaring lion.The solider showed fear and cowardice.
The soldier on the battlefield was a newborn puppy.The solider showed fear and cowardice.
The soldier on the battlefield was a newborn puppy.The solider showed no fear and inspired his fellow troops.
The student was summoned in front of the class as a scapegoat.The student was being used as an example of wrongdoing and as being a problem.
The student was summoned in front of the class as a scapegoat.The student was being used as an example of standard to uphold and achieve.
The student was summoned in front of the class as a role model.The student was being used as an example of standard to uphold and achieve.
The student was summoned in front of the class as a role model.The student was being used as an example of wrongdoing and as being a problem.
This computer is no more than a toy.The computer is mediocre.
This computer is no more than a toy.The computer is is very well designed and of high quality.
This computer is a fastidiously sculpted machine.The computer is is very well designed and of high quality.
This computer is a fastidiously sculpted machine.The computer is mediocre.
The pool is a sewage system.The pool is very filthy.
The pool is a sewage system.The pool is dry.
The pool is a desert.The pool is dry.
The pool is a desert.The pool is very filthy.
That cat runs as a cheetah.The cat is very quick.
That cat runs as a cheetah.The cat is very sluggish.
That cat runs as a sloth.The cat is very sluggish.
That cat runs as a sloth.The cat is very quick.
The toy was as exciting as roadkill.It was lame.
The toy was as exciting as roadkill.It was amazing.
The toy was as exciting as a christmas morning.It was amazing.
The toy was as exciting as a christmas morning.It was lame.
The enemy was as clever as a legless roach.It was dumb.
The enemy was as clever as a legless roach.It was smart.
The enemy was as clever as a fox near chickens.It was smart.
The enemy was as clever as a fox near chickens.It was dumb.
The formula was as complicated as the u.s. economy.It was complex.
The formula was as complicated as the u.s. economy.It was simple.
The formula was as complicated as tic tac toe.It was simple.
The formula was as complicated as tic tac toe.It was complex.
The car has the speed of a rock.The car is slow.
The car has the speed of a rock.The car is fast.
The car has the speed of a satellite.The car is fast.
The car has the speed of a satellite.The car is slow.
The painter has the touch of an elephant.The painter is not talented.
The painter has the touch of an elephant.The painter is very talented.
The painter has the touch of a hummingbird.The painter is very talented.
The painter has the touch of a hummingbird.The painter is not talented.
The perfume's smell is akin to an oil spill.The perfume smells bad.
The perfume's smell is akin to an oil spill.The perfume smells wonderful.
The perfume's smell is akin to a warm day in april.The perfume smells wonderful.
The perfume's smell is akin to a warm day in april.The perfume smells bad.
The ground is as hard as diamond.The ground is really hard to dig through.
The ground is as hard as diamond.The ground is really soft to dig through.
The ground is as hard as paper.The ground is really soft to dig through.
The ground is as hard as paper.The ground is really hard to dig through.
Their style is as good as guuci.Their style is very high quality and nice.
Their style is as good as guuci.Their style is cheap and bad.
Their style is as good as walmart.Their style is cheap and bad.
Their style is as good as walmart.Their style is very high quality and nice.
The tale is as long as war and peace.The tale's length is really long.
The tale is as long as war and peace.The tale's length is really short.
The tale is as long as dr. seuss.The tale's length is really short.
The tale is as long as dr. seuss.The tale's length is really long.
The car has all the style of a tractor.The car is plain.
The car has all the style of a tractor.The car is stylish.
The car has all the style of a fashionista.The car is stylish.
The car has all the style of a fashionista.The car is plain.
The tale has all the drama of a sunday mass.The tale is tedious.
The tale has all the drama of a sunday mass.The tale is exciting.
The tale has all the drama of a drag race.The tale is exciting.
The tale has all the drama of a drag race.The tale is tedious.
The ground had the firmness of a waterbed.The ground was soft.
The ground had the firmness of a waterbed.The ground was hard.
The ground had the firmness of a slab of oak.The ground was hard.
The ground had the firmness of a slab of oak.The ground was soft.
The tale is as silly as a sexy clown jumping out of a cake.The take is quite silly.
The tale is as silly as a sexy clown jumping out of a cake.The tale is quite serious.
The tale is as silly as a clown battling cancer.The tale is quite serious.
The tale is as silly as a clown battling cancer.The take is quite silly.
The ball bounced as high as an astronaut breaking free od the atmosphere.The ball bounced very high.
The ball bounced as high as an astronaut breaking free od the atmosphere.The ball didn't at all go high.
The ball bounced as high as an astronaut sinking to the bottom of the ocean.The ball didn't at all go high.
The ball bounced as high as an astronaut sinking to the bottom of the ocean.The ball bounced very high.
The tub was as dry as the wit of an older british gentleman.The tub was very dry.
The tub was as dry as the wit of an older british gentleman.The tub was very wet.
The tub was as dry as the amazon on any day of week.The tub was very wet.
The tub was as dry as the amazon on any day of week.The tub was very dry.
One's life is a novel.One's life is a novel with finite chapters, including a beginning, middle, and end.
One's life is a novel.One's life is vast as outer space as we'll never know the extent our lives influences that of another.
One's life is a space.One's life is vast as outer space as we'll never know the extent our lives influences that of another.
One's life is a space.One's life is a novel with finite chapters, including a beginning, middle, and end.
Relationships are like a coin toss.Relationships are either a hit or a miss, keep playing and you'll win and keep the outcome.
Relationships are like a coin toss.No matter how much you pour into a relationship, some is always wasted.
Relationships are like a cup with a hole.No matter how much you pour into a relationship, some is always wasted.
Relationships are like a cup with a hole.Relationships are either a hit or a miss, keep playing and you'll win and keep the outcome.
Being tired is a greeting home.Being tired, an individual knows that once they finish, peace will follow.
Being tired is a greeting home.Being tired, one forgets about other aspects of life and only seeks rest, even final.
Being tired is a suffocating blanket.Being tired, one forgets about other aspects of life and only seeks rest, even final.
Being tired is a suffocating blanket.Being tired, an individual knows that once they finish, peace will follow.
She has the style of coco chanel.She is stylish.
She has the style of coco chanel.She is not stylish.
She has the style of a hobo.She is not stylish.
She has the style of a hobo.She is stylish.
He is as grounded as a mighty oak.He is grounded and sensible.
He is as grounded as a mighty oak.He is ungrounded and mercurial.
He is as grounded as a sparrow.He is ungrounded and mercurial.
He is as grounded as a sparrow.He is grounded and sensible.
She cut a piece of pie from the tin like a toothpick.The piece of pie was small.
She cut a piece of pie from the tin like a toothpick.The piece of pie was huge.
She cut a piece of pie from the tin like a barn door.The piece of pie was huge.
She cut a piece of pie from the tin like a barn door.The piece of pie was small.
He shook like a saltshaker.He shook a lot.
He shook like a saltshaker.He didn't shake at all.
He shook like a rock.He didn't shake at all.
He shook like a rock.He shook a lot.
His hair was thick like a bush.His hair was very thick.
His hair was thick like a bush.His hair was thin.
His hair was thick like a needle.His hair was thin.
His hair was thick like a needle.His hair was very thick.
It was sharp like a pin.It was very sharp.
It was sharp like a pin.It wasn't sharp at all.
It was sharp like a eraser.It wasn't sharp at all.
It was sharp like a eraser.It was very sharp.
The discussion was as juicy as an orange.The discussion was very juicy.
The discussion was as juicy as an orange.The discussion was very dry.
The discussion was as juicy as sandpaper.The discussion was very dry.
The discussion was as juicy as sandpaper.The discussion was very juicy.
The woman's eyes are as wide as fruit bowls.The woman's eyes are open very wide.
The woman's eyes are as wide as fruit bowls.The woman's eyes aren't wide at all.
The woman's eyes are as wide as pins.The woman's eyes aren't wide at all.
The woman's eyes are as wide as pins.The woman's eyes are open very wide.
The woman keeps her home as cozy as a bowl of ice cream.The woman's home isn't cozy at all.
The woman keeps her home as cozy as a bowl of ice cream.The woman's home is very cozy.
The woman keeps her home as cozy as a bowl of chicken soup.The woman's home is very cozy.
The woman keeps her home as cozy as a bowl of chicken soup.The woman's home isn't cozy at all.
The tale is as old as the crumbs in the toaster.The tale is old.
The tale is as old as the crumbs in the toaster.The tale is new.
The tale is as old as a newborn kitten.The tale is new.
The tale is as old as a newborn kitten.The tale is old.
The style is like a used trash bag.The style is dated and bad.
The style is like a used trash bag.The style is fresh and good.
The style is like dew on a spring flower.The style is fresh and good.
The style is like dew on a spring flower.The style is dated and bad.
The ground has the hardness of a lead pipe.The ground is hard.
The ground has the hardness of a lead pipe.The ground is soft.
The ground has the hardness of cotton candy.The ground is soft.
The ground has the hardness of cotton candy.The ground is hard.
The person looked like a plastic dumpster fire.The person looked like a smelly toxic mess.
The person looked like a plastic dumpster fire.The person looked like a fresh, nice smelling guy.
The person looked like a fresh cut bouquet of roses.The person looked like a fresh, nice smelling guy.
The person looked like a fresh cut bouquet of roses.The person looked like a smelly toxic mess.
The tv show had the maturity of a teenager who is trying to ask their crush out on a date.The tv show was very immature.
The tv show had the maturity of a teenager who is trying to ask their crush out on a date.The tv show was very mature and wise.
The tv show had the maturity of a doctor on his 25th year of practicing medicine.The tv show was very mature and wise.
The tv show had the maturity of a doctor on his 25th year of practicing medicine.The tv show was very immature.
The neighborhood had the look of a mange covered 3-legged dog.The neighborhood looked dirty and dysfunctional.
The neighborhood had the look of a mange covered 3-legged dog.The neighborhood looked very neat and clean.
The neighborhood had the look of a freshly cleaned set of laundry.The neighborhood looked very neat and clean.
The neighborhood had the look of a freshly cleaned set of laundry.The neighborhood looked dirty and dysfunctional.
The professor's voice is that of a dementia patient.The professor talks very slow.
The professor's voice is that of a dementia patient.The professor talks very fast.
The professor's voice is that of a auctioneer.The professor talks very fast.
The professor's voice is that of a auctioneer.The professor talks very slow.
His jumpshot is broke.His jumpshot is good.
His jumpshot is broke.His jumpshot is bad.
His jumpshot is clean.His jumpshot is bad.
His jumpshot is clean.His jumpshot is good.
His spiral is that of a bullet.His football passing skills are very good.
His spiral is that of a bullet.His football passing skills are bad.
His spiral is that of a cotton ball.His football passing skills are bad.
His spiral is that of a cotton ball.His football passing skills are very good.
This person is a honey badger.This person is vicious and mean.
This person is a honey badger.This person is harmless and sweet.
This person is a newborn puppy.This person is harmless and sweet.
This person is a newborn puppy.This person is vicious and mean.
People of my culture are like a screen door in a tornado.People of my culture are emotionally open.
People of my culture are like a screen door in a tornado.People of my culture are emotionally shut off and cold.
People of my culture are like administrative segregation in a maximum security prison.People of my culture are emotionally shut off and cold.
People of my culture are like administrative segregation in a maximum security prison.People of my culture are emotionally open.
Taking care of your responsibilities is like a trip to the dmv.Taking care of your responsibilities is not fun.
Taking care of your responsibilities is like a trip to the dmv.Taking care of your responsibilities is fun.
Taking care of your responsibilities is like a trip to the candy store.Taking care of your responsibilities is fun.
Taking care of your responsibilities is like a trip to the candy store.Taking care of your responsibilities is not fun.
My small foot is a plankton-sized organism.My small foot is really small.
My small foot is a plankton-sized organism.It's hard to find shoes in my size.
My small foot is an unnecessary adversary in my shoe-shopping.It's hard to find shoes in my size.
My small foot is an unnecessary adversary in my shoe-shopping.My small foot is really small.
The lion's roar is an encapsulating voice.Th lion's roar is extremely loud.
The lion's roar is an encapsulating voice.The lion's roar is something scary for tourists who are within close range of it.
The lion's roar is an uneventful soap opera for tourists close by.The lion's roar is something scary for tourists who are within close range of it.
The lion's roar is an uneventful soap opera for tourists close by.Th lion's roar is extremely loud.
His shooting skills are a target in red stretched far across for miles.His shooting skills are really impressive.
His shooting skills are a target in red stretched far across for miles.His shooting skills are really poor.
His shooting skills are that of a blind, drunk squirrel.His shooting skills are really poor.
His shooting skills are that of a blind, drunk squirrel.His shooting skills are really impressive.
This person is a hulk.Person is very strong .
This person is a hulk.Person is very weak.
This person is a woden stick.Person is very weak.
This person is a woden stick.Person is very strong .
Galaxy is god's canvas.Galaxy is full of beautiful stars and planets.
Galaxy is god's canvas.Galaxy is extremely dark as night.
Galaxy is never ending night.Galaxy is extremely dark as night.
Galaxy is never ending night.Galaxy is full of beautiful stars and planets.
This culture is futuristic.This culture is very new.
This culture is futuristic.This culture is very old.
This culture is over the hill.This culture is very old.
This culture is over the hill.This culture is very new.
She is as responsible as a physician.She is very responsible.
She is as responsible as a physician.She is totally irresponsible.
She is as responsible as a bohemian.She is totally irresponsible.
She is as responsible as a bohemian.She is very responsible.
She has the creativity of a tie-dye swirl.She is very creative.
She has the creativity of a tie-dye swirl.She is very uncreative.
She has the creativity of a plaid shirt.She is very uncreative.
She has the creativity of a plaid shirt.She is very creative.
She had the appetite of a quarterback.She had a big appetite.
She had the appetite of a quarterback.She had a small appetite.
She had the appetite of a ballerina.She had a small appetite.
She had the appetite of a ballerina.She had a big appetite.
The dog was as angry as a father with rude kids.It was furious.
The dog was as angry as a father with rude kids.It was peaceful.
The dog was as angry as a mother who's fully rested.It was peaceful.
The dog was as angry as a mother who's fully rested.It was furious.
The marble was as shiny as a new penny.It was very bright.
The marble was as shiny as a new penny.It was old looking.
The marble was as shiny as old socks.It was old looking.
The marble was as shiny as old socks.It was very bright.
His body was as healthy as an oak tree.It was strong.
His body was as healthy as an oak tree.It was dilapidated.
His body was as healthy as an old building.It was dilapidated.
His body was as healthy as an old building.It was strong.
I'm as hungry as a bird.I am not hungry.
I'm as hungry as a bird.I am very hungry.
I'm as hungry as a horse.I am very hungry.
I'm as hungry as a horse.I am not hungry.
I feel like a million dollars.I feel good.
I feel like a million dollars.I feel bad.
I feel like roadkill.I feel bad.
I feel like roadkill.I feel good.
The boy had the attention span of a kiddie pool.He had a short attention span.
The boy had the attention span of a kiddie pool.He had a large attention span.
The boy had the attention span of the ocean.He had a large attention span.
The boy had the attention span of the ocean.He had a short attention span.
The car was as big as an elephant.The car was large.
The car was as big as an elephant.The car was small.
The car was as big as a mouse.The car was small.
The car was as big as a mouse.The car was large.
The shoes were as big as a car.The shoes were large.
The shoes were as big as a car.The shoes were small.
The shoes were as big as a thimble.The shoes were small.
The shoes were as big as a thimble.The shoes were large.
The mountain was as high as the moon.The mountain was very high.
The mountain was as high as the moon.The mountain was very low.
The mountain was as high as an ant pile.The mountain was very low.
The mountain was as high as an ant pile.The mountain was very high.
His friend was as giving as mother teresa.His friend was giving.
His friend was as giving as mother teresa.His friend was not giving.
His friend was as giving as scrooge.His friend was not giving.
His friend was as giving as scrooge.His friend was giving.
The painting was as colorful as a sunset.The painting is colorful.
The painting was as colorful as a sunset.The painting has little color.
The painting was as colorful as midnight.The painting has little color.
The painting was as colorful as midnight.The painting is colorful.
My legs are chopsticks.My legs are very skinny.
My legs are chopsticks.My legs are thick and large.
My legs are tree stalks.My legs are thick and large.
My legs are tree stalks.My legs are very skinny.
My business is a money printer.My business makes a lot of money.
My business is a money printer.My business makes me lose a lot of money.
My business is a pocket drainer.My business makes me lose a lot of money.
My business is a pocket drainer.My business makes a lot of money.
This bread is a rock.The bread is stale.
This bread is a rock.The bread is fresh.
This bread is a pillow.The bread is fresh.
This bread is a pillow.The bread is stale.
That mountain is as big as the pacific ocean.That mountain is huge.
That mountain is as big as the pacific ocean.That mountain is tiny.
That mountain is as big as a mole hill.That mountain is tiny.
That mountain is as big as a mole hill.That mountain is huge.
The bread is as soft as cement.The bread is very hard.
The bread is as soft as cement.The bread is super soft.
The bread is as soft as marshmallows.The bread is super soft.
The bread is as soft as marshmallows.The bread is very hard.
This table is as sturdy as a castle.This table is very sturdy, won't fall apart easy.
This table is as sturdy as a castle.This table will fall apart easily.
This table is as sturdy as a house of cards.This table will fall apart easily.
This table is as sturdy as a house of cards.This table is very sturdy, won't fall apart easy.
The boy's room had the neatness of a scrambled egg.The boy's room was very disorganized.
The boy's room had the neatness of a scrambled egg.The boy's room was very neat.
The boy's room had the neatness of a piece of lined paper.The boy's room was very neat.
The boy's room had the neatness of a piece of lined paper.The boy's room was very disorganized.
The man had as much leadership as a quarterback.The man had a lot of leadership skills.
The man had as much leadership as a quarterback.The man had no leadership skills.
The man had as much leadership as a newborn.The man had no leadership skills.
The man had as much leadership as a newborn.The man had a lot of leadership skills.
The relationship had the strength of a steel beam.The relationship was very strong.
The relationship had the strength of a steel beam.The relationship was very weak.
The relationship had the strength of a broken arm.The relationship was very weak.
The relationship had the strength of a broken arm.The relationship was very strong.
The mountain was a flat desert.The mountain was dry and clear.
The mountain was a flat desert.The mountain was curvy.
The mountain was a wavy hillside.The mountain was curvy.
The mountain was a wavy hillside.The mountain was dry and clear.
His mind is a dictatorship.His mind isn't in his control.
His mind is a dictatorship.His mind is free.
His mind is a free country.His mind is free.
His mind is a free country.His mind isn't in his control.
The book was a stroll in the park.The book was easy to read.
The book was a stroll in the park.The book was fast-paced.
The book was a marathon run.The book was fast-paced.
The book was a marathon run.The book was easy to read.
The main course was as rich as a king's ransom in coins.The main course was tasty.
The main course was as rich as a king's ransom in coins.The main course was bland.
The main course was as rich as a beggar's pockets.The main course was bland.
The main course was as rich as a beggar's pockets.The main course was tasty.
The magician was as colorful as a peacock's fan of feathers.The magician had a lot of personality.
The magician was as colorful as a peacock's fan of feathers.The magician was dull, lacked character.
The magician was as colorful as a flight of pigeons.The magician was dull, lacked character.
The magician was as colorful as a flight of pigeons.The magician had a lot of personality.
The performance was as chaste as a student at bible camp.The performance was restrained.
The performance was as chaste as a student at bible camp.The performance was outlandish and wild.
The performance was as chaste as a sophomore on a florida spring break.The performance was outlandish and wild.
The performance was as chaste as a sophomore on a florida spring break.The performance was restrained.
She could float as well as a brick.She could not float well.
She could float as well as a brick.She could float well.
She could float as well as styrofoam.She could float well.
She could float as well as styrofoam.She could not float well.
He was as good a builder as an toddler.He was not a good builder.
He was as good a builder as an toddler.He was a good builder.
He was as good a builder as frank lloyd wright.He was a good builder.
He was as good a builder as frank lloyd wright.He was not a good builder.
The painting was as beautiful as a toilet bowl.The painting was not beautiful.
The painting was as beautiful as a toilet bowl.The painting was beautiful.
The painting was as beautiful as the sistine cahpel.The painting was beautiful.
The painting was as beautiful as the sistine cahpel.The painting was not beautiful.
His neck was as sore as a fireman on fire.His neck was pretty sore.
His neck was as sore as a fireman on fire.His neck wasn't sore.
His neck was as sore as a man who had a morphine milkshake for breakfast.His neck wasn't sore.
His neck was as sore as a man who had a morphine milkshake for breakfast.His neck was pretty sore.
The turkey had the gobble of an giant eagle having sex.The turkey had a strong gobble.
The turkey had the gobble of an giant eagle having sex.The turkey had a weak gobble.
The turkey had the gobble of a sad chicken with a sore throat.The turkey had a weak gobble.
The turkey had the gobble of a sad chicken with a sore throat.The turkey had a strong gobble.
He had the infamy of osama bin laden after merging with sadssm hussein into a single entity.He had a lot of infamy.
He had the infamy of osama bin laden after merging with sadssm hussein into a single entity.He wasn't infamous.
He had the infamy of a squirrel in a public park that never leaves the trees.He wasn't infamous.
He had the infamy of a squirrel in a public park that never leaves the trees.He had a lot of infamy.
The crayon amount in the box is that of a unicorn puking rainbows.There's plenty of crayons in the box.
The crayon amount in the box is that of a unicorn puking rainbows.There isn't much variety of colors in the crayon box.
The crayon amount in the box is that of a dried up slug.There isn't much variety of colors in the crayon box.
The crayon amount in the box is that of a dried up slug.There's plenty of crayons in the box.
The car engine has the power of a knight overpowering a dragon in the dungeon.The car engine is strong.
The car engine has the power of a knight overpowering a dragon in the dungeon.The car engine is weak.
The car engine has the power of a bug trying to push a person over.The car engine is weak.
The car engine has the power of a bug trying to push a person over.The car engine is strong.
The babysitter has the ability to entertain a crazy group of bears into tapdancing.The babysitter is fun to have around.
The babysitter has the ability to entertain a crazy group of bears into tapdancing.The babysitter doesn't know how to entertain those she's watching.
The babysitter has the ability to entertain the air into staying the air.The babysitter doesn't know how to entertain those she's watching.
The babysitter has the ability to entertain the air into staying the air.The babysitter is fun to have around.
The toy was floating like a rock.The toy was sinking.
The toy was floating like a rock.The toy was floating well.
The toy was floating like a raft.The toy was floating well.
The toy was floating like a raft.The toy was sinking.
The building was as beautiful as a painting.The building was pretty.
The building was as beautiful as a painting.The building was ugly.
The building was as beautiful as a dumpster.The building was ugly.
The building was as beautiful as a dumpster.The building was pretty.
The drink tasted as good as a handful of candy.The drink was good.
The drink tasted as good as a handful of candy.The drink was bad.
The drink tasted as good as a handful of dirt.The drink was bad.
The drink tasted as good as a handful of dirt.The drink was good.
The lady floated in the lake like an empty bottle in the ocean.The woman floated like she was weightless.
The lady floated in the lake like an empty bottle in the ocean.The woman sunk heavily.
The lady floated in the lake like a fishing net in the ocean.The woman sunk heavily.
The lady floated in the lake like a fishing net in the ocean.The woman floated like she was weightless.
The building lobby interior reminded her of entering the white house.The lobby was very stately.
The building lobby interior reminded her of entering the white house.The lobby was a bit run down.
The building lobby interior reminded her of entering a hole in the wall nightclub.The lobby was a bit run down.
The building lobby interior reminded her of entering a hole in the wall nightclub.The lobby was very stately.
Fingernails were beautiful and they reminded her of the pearlescents of a pearl.Your nails were pretty and shiny.
Fingernails were beautiful and they reminded her of the pearlescents of a pearl.Her nails had too many ridges.
Fingernails were beautiful and they reminded her of the texture of a clam shell.Her nails had too many ridges.
Fingernails were beautiful and they reminded her of the texture of a clam shell.Your nails were pretty and shiny.
The woman's marriage is as legitimate as a birth certificate.The woman's marriage is legitimate.
The woman's marriage is as legitimate as a birth certificate.The woman's marriage is illegitimate.
The woman's marriage is as legitimate as a child born out of wedlock.The woman's marriage is illegitimate.
The woman's marriage is as legitimate as a child born out of wedlock.The woman's marriage is legitimate.
The woman's diet is a brussels sprout.The woman's diet is very healthy.
The woman's diet is a brussels sprout.The woman's diet is very unhealthy.
The woman's diet is a french fry.The woman's diet is very unhealthy.
The woman's diet is a french fry.The woman's diet is very healthy.
The woman completes her assignments like an ant.The woman is productive at completing her assignments.
The woman completes her assignments like an ant.The woman is unproductive at completing her assignments.
The woman completes her assignments like a slug.The woman is unproductive at completing her assignments.
The woman completes her assignments like a slug.The woman is productive at completing her assignments.
The stricken raft is floating like a lead brick.The raft is sinking.
The stricken raft is floating like a lead brick.The raft is remaining afloat.
The stricken raft is floating like a styrofoam cooler.The raft is remaining afloat.
The stricken raft is floating like a styrofoam cooler.The raft is sinking.
The remodeling of the building was going as smoothly as a wrench stuck in the gears.The remodeling is not going well.
The remodeling of the building was going as smoothly as a wrench stuck in the gears.The remodeling is going smoothly.
The remodeling of the building was going as smoothly as a well-prepared student taking an exam.The remodeling is going smoothly.
The remodeling of the building was going as smoothly as a well-prepared student taking an exam.The remodeling is not going well.
The contestant is as beautiful as a malformed sculpture.The contestant is ugly and not beautiful.
The contestant is as beautiful as a malformed sculpture.The contestant is attractive and beautiful.
The contestant is as beautiful as a favorite of aphrodite.The contestant is attractive and beautiful.
The contestant is as beautiful as a favorite of aphrodite.The contestant is ugly and not beautiful.
The moonlight sparkled brighter than a gypsy.The moonlight didn't transform into a colorful gypsy.
The moonlight sparkled brighter than a gypsy.It lit up the night with sparkling radiance.
The moonlight sparkled brighter than a sun.It lit up the night with sparkling radiance.
The moonlight sparkled brighter than a sun.The moonlight didn't transform into a colorful gypsy.
The sun is a creature of habit.The sun, of course, is not a creature at all.
The sun is a creature of habit.However, this metaphor conveys the pattern and repetition of sunrise and sunset.
The sun is a creature of characteristics.However, this metaphor conveys the pattern and repetition of sunrise and sunset.
The sun is a creature of characteristics.The sun, of course, is not a creature at all.
Warmth blanketed the area.While temperature can't be thrown over an area the way a blanket can.
Warmth blanketed the area.It can settle in and stay in place over a widespread area.
Warmth blanketed the square.It can settle in and stay in place over a widespread area.
Warmth blanketed the square.While temperature can't be thrown over an area the way a blanket can.
The elephant is as tall as a giraffe.The elephant is tall.
The elephant is as tall as a giraffe.The elephant is short.
The elephant is as tall as a bug.The elephant is short.
The elephant is as tall as a bug.The elephant is tall.
Her mom is as fat as saturn.The mom is fat.
Her mom is as fat as saturn.The mom is skinny.
Her mom is as fat as a pea.The mom is skinny.
Her mom is as fat as a pea.The mom is fat.
The boyfriend is as smart as an elephant.The boyfriend is smart.
The boyfriend is as smart as an elephant.The boyfriend is dumb.
The boyfriend is as smart as a goldfish.The boyfriend is dumb.
The boyfriend is as smart as a goldfish.The boyfriend is smart.
Life has a various chances for prove our self.Chances never come again.
Life has a various chances for prove our self.We use all the chances.
Life has a various chances and our talent.We use all the chances.
Life has a various chances and our talent.Chances never come again.
Life journey is the best and a unique.We love journey.
Life journey is the best and a unique.We like journey.
Life journey is the creation of the god.We like journey.
Life journey is the creation of the god.We love journey.
Share the life event and a very interesting matter is.We share the event.
Share the life event and a very interesting matter is.We love the share.
Share the life event and very joyful matter.We love the share.
Share the life event and very joyful matter.We share the event.
The odds of winning against the current players is that of an icicle's chance in a furnace.The odds are bad and one will likely lose.
The odds of winning against the current players is that of an icicle's chance in a furnace.The odds are very good and one will win.
The odds of winning against the current players is that of the sun coming up in the east tomorrow.The odds are very good and one will win.
The odds of winning against the current players is that of the sun coming up in the east tomorrow.The odds are bad and one will likely lose.
The journey has the difficulty level of a walk across the sahara desert without water.The journey is very difficult.
The journey has the difficulty level of a walk across the sahara desert without water.The journey is very easy.
The journey has the difficulty level of a gentle stroll in a shopping mall.The journey is very easy.
The journey has the difficulty level of a gentle stroll in a shopping mall.The journey is very difficult.
The child's willingness to share is that of a miserly old beggar.The child is selfish and not willing to share.
The child's willingness to share is that of a miserly old beggar.The child is generous and loves to share.
The child's willingness to share is that of a billionaire philanthropist.The child is generous and loves to share.
The child's willingness to share is that of a billionaire philanthropist.The child is selfish and not willing to share.
My chances are as likely as finding a needle in a hay stack.My chances are not likely.
My chances are as likely as finding a needle in a hay stack.My chances are certain.
My chances are as likely as finding a needle in a stack of needles.My chances are certain.
My chances are as likely as finding a needle in a stack of needles.My chances are not likely.
This journey will be as long as a lifetime.This journey will be long.
This journey will be as long as a lifetime.This journey will be short.
This journey will be as long as a wink.This journey will be short.
This journey will be as long as a wink.This journey will be long.
Your share of the treasure is as big as the moon.Your share is big.
Your share of the treasure is as big as the moon.Your share is small.
Your share of the treasure is as big as a mouse.Your share is small.
Your share of the treasure is as big as a mouse.Your share is big.
The building was as tall as a giant.It was huge.
The building was as tall as a giant.It was small.
The building was as tall as an ant.It was small.
The building was as tall as an ant.It was huge.
His money was as short as a three year old.He was broke.
His money was as short as a three year old.He is rich.
His money was as short as a basketball player.He is rich.
His money was as short as a basketball player.He was broke.
The guitar was as loud as a dog barking at a squirrel.It was noisy.
The guitar was as loud as a dog barking at a squirrel.It was soft.
The guitar was as loud as an ant walking.It was soft.
The guitar was as loud as an ant walking.It was noisy.
The dancer moved with the grace of a new born foal.The dancer is clumsy and awkward.
The dancer moved with the grace of a new born foal.The dancer is delicate and poise.
The dancer moved with the grace of a gentle breeze through the garden.The dancer is delicate and poise.
The dancer moved with the grace of a gentle breeze through the garden.The dancer is clumsy and awkward.
The candle's scent is as pleasant as a restaurant dumpster.The candle's scent is pungent and nasty.
The candle's scent is as pleasant as a restaurant dumpster.The candle's scent is reminiscent and satisfying.
The candle's scent is as pleasant as watching the waves crash over the sand.The candle's scent is reminiscent and satisfying.
The candle's scent is as pleasant as watching the waves crash over the sand.The candle's scent is pungent and nasty.
The woman is as tightly wound as a spring coil.The woman is very stressed and tense.
The woman is as tightly wound as a spring coil.The woman is carefree and easy to please.
The woman is as tightly wound as her flowing locks.The woman is carefree and easy to please.
The woman is as tightly wound as her flowing locks.The woman is very stressed and tense.
The chances of finding her expensive shoes on sale were as small as the gems on her fancy fingernails.The chamces were small.
The chances of finding her expensive shoes on sale were as small as the gems on her fancy fingernails.There was a decent chance.
The chances of finding her expensive shoes on sale were as small as diamond ornaments on a christmas tree.There was a decent chance.
The chances of finding her expensive shoes on sale were as small as diamond ornaments on a christmas tree.The chamces were small.
The journey would be as long as the lord of the rings film.The journey would be long.
The journey would be as long as the lord of the rings film.It would be a brief journey.
The journey would be as long as a commercial.It would be a brief journey.
The journey would be as long as a commercial.The journey would be long.
Her share of the pie was the size of a suburban by chevy.She had a lot of pie.
Her share of the pie was the size of a suburban by chevy.She had very little pie.
Her share of the pie was the size of a hot wheels chevy car.She had very little pie.
Her share of the pie was the size of a hot wheels chevy car.She had a lot of pie.
We shared our bath of wealth.We shared  resources.
We shared our bath of wealth.We shared sufferings.
We shared our yoke of hardship.We shared sufferings.
We shared our yoke of hardship.We shared  resources.
This journey is a step to  the moon.Journey is very long.
This journey is a step to  the moon.Journey is very short.
This journey is a puppy walk.Journey is very short.
This journey is a puppy walk.Journey is very long.
He was 15 and had the wisdom of an owl.He is intelligent and wise.
He was 15 and had the wisdom of an owl.He is not intelligent or wise.
He was 15 and had the wisdom of newborn rat.He is not intelligent or wise.
He was 15 and had the wisdom of newborn rat.He is intelligent and wise.
The sushi's flavors were fireworks in my mouth.The sushi was flavorful.
The sushi's flavors were fireworks in my mouth.The sushi was not flavorful.
The sushi's flavors were just sparklers in my mouth.The sushi was not flavorful.
The sushi's flavors were just sparklers in my mouth.The sushi was flavorful.
This tv show has the comedic timing of a broken clock.The tv show's comedic timing is always off.
This tv show has the comedic timing of a broken clock.The tv show has good comedic timing.
This tv show has the comedic timing of a rolex.The tv show has good comedic timing.
This tv show has the comedic timing of a rolex.The tv show's comedic timing is always off.
You are as graceful as a dove.You are graceful.
You are as graceful as a dove.You are not graceful.
You are as graceful as a walrus.You are not graceful.
You are as graceful as a walrus.You are graceful.
This book is as good as pie.The book is good.
This book is as good as pie.The book is bad.
This book is as good as mud.The book is bad.
This book is as good as mud.The book is good.
You are wound tighter than a drum.You are uptight.
You are wound tighter than a drum.You are relaxed.
You are wound tighter than loose yarn.You are relaxed.
You are wound tighter than loose yarn.You are uptight.
It was as entertaining as a lecture.It wasn't entertaining.
It was as entertaining as a lecture.It was very entertaining.
It was as entertaining as a cartoon.It was very entertaining.
It was as entertaining as a cartoon.It wasn't entertaining.
It was as long as a novel.It was very long.
It was as long as a novel.It was short.
It was as long as a poem.It was short.
It was as long as a poem.It was very long.
It was as loud as thunder.It was very loud.
It was as loud as thunder.It was quiet.
It was as loud as a whisper.It was quiet.
It was as loud as a whisper.It was very loud.
The dove sings a song that sounded like an out of tune flute.The dove's song is horrible.
The dove sings a song that sounded like an out of tune flute.The dove's song is beautiful.
The dove sings a song that sounded like a chorus of angels.The dove's song is beautiful.
The dove sings a song that sounded like a chorus of angels.The dove's song is horrible.
The shape is as easy to describe as a random splatter of paint on a wall.The shape is difficult to describe.
The shape is as easy to describe as a random splatter of paint on a wall.The shape is easy to describe.
The shape is as easy to describe as a square or triangle.The shape is easy to describe.
The shape is as easy to describe as a square or triangle.The shape is difficult to describe.
The corner store has the inventory of a kid's lemonade stand.The store has a very limited inventory.
The corner store has the inventory of a kid's lemonade stand.The store has an abundant inventory.
The corner store has the inventory of a mega-sized department store.The store has an abundant inventory.
The corner store has the inventory of a mega-sized department store.The store has a very limited inventory.
The door was as large as a pregnant bear.It was huge.
The door was as large as a pregnant bear.It was small.
The door was as large as a toothpick.It was small.
The door was as large as a toothpick.It was huge.
The criminal was as swift as a cheetah on steroids.It was smooth.
The criminal was as swift as a cheetah on steroids.It was clumsy.
The criminal was as swift as a bear on roller skates.It was clumsy.
The criminal was as swift as a bear on roller skates.It was smooth.
The pasta was as sweet as honey.It was tasty.
The pasta was as sweet as honey.It was gross.
The pasta was as sweet as the bottom of a garbage can.It was gross.
The pasta was as sweet as the bottom of a garbage can.It was tasty.
The diving board was as high as a shoebox.The diving board was not high.
The diving board was as high as a shoebox.The diving board was high.
The diving board was as high as the empire state building.The diving board was high.
The diving board was as high as the empire state building.The diving board was not high.
He liked the gym as much as a case of the measles.He did not like the gym.
He liked the gym as much as a case of the measles.He liked the gym.
He liked the gym as much as a warm caress.He liked the gym.
He liked the gym as much as a warm caress.He did not like the gym.
He drove like a blind person.He drove badly.
He drove like a blind person.He drove well.
He drove like a formula one driver.He drove well.
He drove like a formula one driver.He drove badly.
The toddler was as demanding as a king.The toddler was very demanding.
The toddler was as demanding as a king.The toddler wasn't demanding at all.
The toddler was as demanding as a sleeping kitten.The toddler wasn't demanding at all.
The toddler was as demanding as a sleeping kitten.The toddler was very demanding.
The child's personality was as lively as a rusted scrap of metal.The child's personality was very dull.
The child's personality was as lively as a rusted scrap of metal.The child's personality was very lively.
The child's personality was as lively as a christmas tree.The child's personality was very lively.
The child's personality was as lively as a christmas tree.The child's personality was very dull.
The woman's mind is a cheetah.The woman's mind works quickly.
The woman's mind is a cheetah.The woman's mind works slowly.
The woman's mind is a rickshaw.The woman's mind works slowly.
The woman's mind is a rickshaw.The woman's mind works quickly.
She is a chocolate cake.She is very desirable.
She is a chocolate cake.She is very undesirable.
She is a weed.She is very undesirable.
She is a weed.She is very desirable.
He sleeps in a bed of nymphs.He sleeps with many women.
He sleeps in a bed of nymphs.He sleeps with no women.
He sleeps in a bed of pillow.He sleeps with no women.
He sleeps in a bed of pillow.He sleeps with many women.
Her eyes are real intoxication.Her eyes are beautiful.
Her eyes are real intoxication.Her eyes are ugly.
Her eyes are ghost's eyes.Her eyes are ugly.
Her eyes are ghost's eyes.Her eyes are beautiful.
This route has as many turns as a labyrinth.This route has lots of turns.
This route has as many turns as a labyrinth.This route hardly has turns at all.
This route has as many turns as a straight line.This route hardly has turns at all.
This route has as many turns as a straight line.This route has lots of turns.
The satellite signal is as clear as glass.The signal is clear.
The satellite signal is as clear as glass.The signal is not clear.
The satellite signal is as clear as broken glass.The signal is not clear.
The satellite signal is as clear as broken glass.The signal is clear.
You look as classy as caviar.You look classy.
You look as classy as caviar.You look common and not classy.
You look as classy as potato chips.You look common and not classy.
You look as classy as potato chips.You look classy.
The system works like a well-oiled machine.The system works.
The system works like a well-oiled machine.The system does not work.
The system works like malfunctioning computer.The system does not work.
The system works like malfunctioning computer.The system works.
His word is as true as pure gold.His word is true.
His word is as true as pure gold.His word is not true.
His word is as true as a polician's.His word is not true.
His word is as true as a polician's.His word is true.
The satellite is functioning like a champ.The satellite is functioning well.
The satellite is functioning like a champ.The satellite is functioning erratically.
The satellite is functioning like a flying monkey.The satellite is functioning erratically.
The satellite is functioning like a flying monkey.The satellite is functioning well.
The system was as complicated as a child's toy.The system was not complicated.
The system was as complicated as a child's toy.The system was complicated.
The system was as complicated as the apollo moon lander.The system was complicated.
The system was as complicated as the apollo moon lander.The system was not complicated.
The witness was as honest as a thief.The witness was as honest.
The witness was as honest as a thief.The witness was as honest.
The witness was as honest as a judge.The witness was as honest.
The witness was as honest as a judge.The witness was as honest.
The launch was as entertaining as watching a gravestone.The launch was not entertaining.
The launch was as entertaining as watching a gravestone.The launch was entertaining.
The launch was as entertaining as a night in vegas.The launch was entertaining.
The launch was as entertaining as a night in vegas.The launch was not entertaining.
Her hair was an untamed nest.Her hair was messy.
Her hair was an untamed nest.Her hair was well-done.
Her hair was a beautifully sewn sweater.Her hair was well-done.
Her hair was a beautifully sewn sweater.Her hair was messy.
The rodent was a foreign invader.The rodent was intrusive and unwelcome.
The rodent was a foreign invader.The rodent was common to see.
The rodent was a typical neighbor.The rodent was common to see.
The rodent was a typical neighbor.The rodent was intrusive and unwelcome.
The ring was a boulder in the snow.The ring was strong and sturdy.
The ring was a boulder in the snow.The ring was delicate and light.
The ring was a leaf in the wind.The ring was delicate and light.
The ring was a leaf in the wind.The ring was strong and sturdy.
The system is a canoe.The system is simple.
The system is a canoe.The system is complex.
The system is a cruise ship.The system is complex.
The system is a cruise ship.The system is simple.
The truth to him is a tumble weed.The truth is transient, moveable.
The truth to him is a tumble weed.The truth is steadfast, permanent.
The truth to him is an ironwood tree.The truth is steadfast, permanent.
The truth to him is an ironwood tree.The truth is transient, moveable.
The new satellite is a nightlight.The satellite is basic.
The new satellite is a nightlight.The satellite is complex.
The new satellite is a chandelier.The satellite is complex.
The new satellite is a chandelier.The satellite is basic.
My young child was the image of splendor.The child was a shining achievement in one's life, displaying only positive traits.
My young child was the image of splendor.The child consistently disrupts the family's activities.
My young child was the banana peel beneath my foot.The child consistently disrupts the family's activities.
My young child was the banana peel beneath my foot.The child was a shining achievement in one's life, displaying only positive traits.
Traveling across the vast sea was a journey of discovery.The sea presents opportunity to completely change one's standing.
Traveling across the vast sea was a journey of discovery.The sea presents a bleak outlook of one's path with constant peril looming.
Traveling across the vast sea was a trip to the graveyard.The sea presents a bleak outlook of one's path with constant peril looming.
Traveling across the vast sea was a trip to the graveyard.The sea presents opportunity to completely change one's standing.
Last night's homework assignment was a fly.The homework was simply and easily dispatched.
Last night's homework assignment was a fly.The homework was impossible to crack and weighed one down.
Last night's homework assignment was a rock.The homework was impossible to crack and weighed one down.
Last night's homework assignment was a rock.The homework was simply and easily dispatched.
The system was as complex as a rubiks cube.The system was moderately complex.
The system was as complex as a rubiks cube.The system was not complex.
The system was as complex as a 0000 password.The system was not complex.
The system was as complex as a 0000 password.The system was moderately complex.
The temperature was like a chicago winter.The temperature was freezing cold.
The temperature was like a chicago winter.The temperature was hot and humid.
The temperature was like a texas summer.The temperature was hot and humid.
The temperature was like a texas summer.The temperature was freezing cold.
The bed had all the support of a million marshmallows.The bed was too soft.
The bed had all the support of a million marshmallows.The bed was extra firm.
The bed had all the support of a 2x 4.The bed was extra firm.
The bed had all the support of a 2x 4.The bed was too soft.
This sickness is about as bad as a 2 week visit from your mother in law.The sickness is very unpleasant.
This sickness is about as bad as a 2 week visit from your mother in law.The sickness is barely noticable.
This sickness is about as bad as a mosquito bite on an elephant.The sickness is barely noticable.
This sickness is about as bad as a mosquito bite on an elephant.The sickness is very unpleasant.
This house smells like the devil's septic tank.The house smells very bad.
This house smells like the devil's septic tank.The house smells very good.
This house smells like my grandma baking cookies for the angels in heaven.The house smells very good.
This house smells like my grandma baking cookies for the angels in heaven.The house smells very bad.
My dog's bark could start an avalanche.My dog's bark is loud.
My dog's bark could start an avalanche.My dog's bark is quiet.
My dog's bark couldn't be heard in a masoleum at midnight.My dog's bark is quiet.
My dog's bark couldn't be heard in a masoleum at midnight.My dog's bark is loud.
The movie producer was as busy as a worker bee.The movie producer is very busy.
The movie producer was as busy as a worker bee.The movie producer isn't busy at all.
The movie producer was as busy as a lazy housecat.The movie producer isn't busy at all.
The movie producer was as busy as a lazy housecat.The movie producer is very busy.
Visiting family made mary to feel like she was a cornered animal.Mary's family makes her tense or stressed in some way.
Visiting family made mary to feel like she was a cornered animal.Mary's family makes her feel young and enjoying herself, free from the worries of her normal life.
Visiting family made mary to feel like she was a kid on vacation.Mary's family makes her feel young and enjoying herself, free from the worries of her normal life.
Visiting family made mary to feel like she was a kid on vacation.Mary's family makes her tense or stressed in some way.
The nighttime temperature of colorado feels like the north pole.The nighttime temperature in colorado is cold.
The nighttime temperature of colorado feels like the north pole.The nighttime temperature in colorado is hot.
The nighttime temperature of colorado feels like resort in florida.The nighttime temperature in colorado is hot.
The nighttime temperature of colorado feels like resort in florida.The nighttime temperature in colorado is cold.
The painting is a seven-course meal on a yacht.The painting is complex and enjoyable.
The painting is a seven-course meal on a yacht.The painting is simple and unenthralling.
The painting is a glass of room temperature tap water.The painting is simple and unenthralling.
The painting is a glass of room temperature tap water.The painting is complex and enjoyable.
The steam coming off this meal is a siren beckoning my ship to come closer.The steam coming off this meal is enticing.
The steam coming off this meal is a siren beckoning my ship to come closer.The steam coming off this meal is repellent.
The steam coming off this meal is a traffic cop directing me to turn around.The steam coming off this meal is repellent.
The steam coming off this meal is a traffic cop directing me to turn around.The steam coming off this meal is enticing.
My cat is smart like a gifted kid at a spelling bee.My cat is very smart.
My cat is smart like a gifted kid at a spelling bee.My cat is not smart.
My cat is smart like a yokel trying to split atoms.My cat is not smart.
My cat is smart like a yokel trying to split atoms.My cat is very smart.
His scream is a lions roar.His scream is very loud.
His scream is a lions roar.His scream is very weak.
His scream is mouse's whimper.His scream is very weak.
His scream is mouse's whimper.His scream is very loud.
This breeze is refrigirating me.The breeze is freezing cold.
This breeze is refrigirating me.This breeze is very hot.
This breeze is baking me.This breeze is very hot.
This breeze is baking me.The breeze is freezing cold.
This old castle is a dream world.This old castle is very beautiful and enjoyable.
This old castle is a dream world.This old castle is very scary.
This old castle is a ghost house.This old castle is very scary.
This old castle is a ghost house.This old castle is very beautiful and enjoyable.
The kettle was as hot as january in canada.The kettle was not hot.
The kettle was as hot as january in canada.The kettle was hot.
The kettle was as hot as molten lava.The kettle was hot.
The kettle was as hot as molten lava.The kettle was not hot.
Her sickness was as serious as a hangman.Her sickness was serious.
Her sickness was as serious as a hangman.Her sickness was not serious.
Her sickness was as serious as a clown.Her sickness was not serious.
Her sickness was as serious as a clown.Her sickness was serious.
With her new glasses she looked like mister magoo.With her new glasses she looked bad.
With her new glasses she looked like mister magoo.With her new glasses she looked hot.
With her new glasses she looked like sexy sadie.With her new glasses she looked hot.
With her new glasses she looked like sexy sadie.With her new glasses she looked bad.
He is as monogamous as a squirrel.He is not monogamous.
He is as monogamous as a squirrel.He is very monogamous.
He is as monogamous as a penguin.He is very monogamous.
He is as monogamous as a penguin.He is not monogamous.
He is as loud as a airhorn.He is very loud.
He is as loud as a airhorn.He is very quiet.
He is as loud as a whisper.He is very quiet.
He is as loud as a whisper.He is very loud.
He grew like a weed.He grew fast.
He grew like a weed.He grew slow.
He grew like a stalagmite.He grew slow.
He grew like a stalagmite.He grew fast.
My words have the power to force a blue whale out of its habitat.My words have a whole lot of power and sway.
My words have the power to force a blue whale out of its habitat.My words don't mean much.
My words have the power to drag a cow only one inch.My words don't mean much.
My words have the power to drag a cow only one inch.My words have a whole lot of power and sway.
The nerd can fight a pro-wrestling champ while holding his glasses with his feet.The nerd can win a fight with strong people.
The nerd can fight a pro-wrestling champ while holding his glasses with his feet.The nerd can't fight to save his life.
The nerd can fight a toenail and get beaten up by it.The nerd can't fight to save his life.
The nerd can fight a toenail and get beaten up by it.The nerd can win a fight with strong people.
This girl can go on a date with a cactus and be rejected by it.This girl sucks at dating.
This girl can go on a date with a cactus and be rejected by it.This girl could win over anyone on a date.
This girl can go on a date with all the planets and they'll all agree to marry her.This girl could win over anyone on a date.
This girl can go on a date with all the planets and they'll all agree to marry her.This girl sucks at dating.
The job had the pay of a sitcom star in the 10th season of their hit show.The job had high pay.
The job had the pay of a sitcom star in the 10th season of their hit show.The job had little pay.
The job had the pay of a pig farmer who works for the love of swine.The job had little pay.
The job had the pay of a pig farmer who works for the love of swine.The job had high pay.
The battery had the electrical charge of an overdue credit card bill.The battery had a lot of charge.
The battery had the electrical charge of an overdue credit card bill.The battery had little charge.
The battery had the electrical charge of disconnected wall outlet.The battery had little charge.
The battery had the electrical charge of disconnected wall outlet.The battery had a lot of charge.
The girl was as well liked as the playstation 3 in 2013.The girl was well liked.
The girl was as well liked as the playstation 3 in 2013.The girl was not so well liked.
The girl was as well liked as the playstation 3 in 2006.The girl was not so well liked.
The girl was as well liked as the playstation 3 in 2006.The girl was well liked.
The contain is as small as an ant.The container is tiny.
The contain is as small as an ant.The container is huge.
The contain is as small as the ocean.The container is huge.
The contain is as small as the ocean.The container is tiny.
His imagination is as big as the universe.He has a good imagination.
His imagination is as big as the universe.He isn't capable of imagining.
His imagination is as big as a flea.He isn't capable of imagining.
His imagination is as big as a flea.He has a good imagination.
His words cut deeper than a knife.His words were hurtful.
His words cut deeper than a knife.His words didn't bother me at all.
His words cut like a scrath.His words didn't bother me at all.
His words cut like a scrath.His words were hurtful.
The teacher had the imagination of a flea.The teacher was unimaginitive.
The teacher had the imagination of a flea.The teacher had a vast imagination.
The teacher had the imagination of a child.The teacher had a vast imagination.
The teacher had the imagination of a child.The teacher was unimaginitive.
The container was the size of a house.The container was large.
The container was the size of a house.The container was small.
The container was the size of a pillbox.The container was small.
The container was the size of a pillbox.The container was large.
The novel had the complexity of a puzzle.The novel was complicated.
The novel had the complexity of a puzzle.The novel was simple.
The novel had the complexity of a nursery rhyme.The novel was simple.
The novel had the complexity of a nursery rhyme.The novel was complicated.
The container is as secure as a ducking in a tornado.The container is not secured well.
The container is as secure as a ducking in a tornado.The container is secured very well.
The container is as secure as the corner stones on the pyramids of giza.The container is secured very well.
The container is as secure as the corner stones on the pyramids of giza.The container is not secured well.
The author's imagination is like that of a slow sloth moving in a straight line.The author's imagination is dull and predictable.
The author's imagination is like that of a slow sloth moving in a straight line.The author has a very active immagination.
The author's imagination is like that of a wild and unpredictable storm.The author has a very active immagination.
The author's imagination is like that of a wild and unpredictable storm.The author's imagination is dull and predictable.
The quarterback's pass had the accuracy of a blind man playing bingo.The pass is inaccurate.
The quarterback's pass had the accuracy of a blind man playing bingo.The pass is very accurate.
The quarterback's pass had the accuracy of a laser-guided missile.The pass is very accurate.
The quarterback's pass had the accuracy of a laser-guided missile.The pass is inaccurate.
The container has rock's resistance.Container is very hard and strong.
The container has rock's resistance.Container is weak.
The container has tissue's strength.Container is weak.
The container has tissue's strength.Container is very hard and strong.
His imagination is the world of cartoon.His imagination is not real.
His imagination is the world of cartoon.His imagination is real as practical world.
His imagination is the world of humans.His imagination is real as practical world.
His imagination is the world of humans.His imagination is not real.
The car is mansion on wheels.Car is very luxury and comfortable.
The car is mansion on wheels.Car is very uncomfortable and cheap.
The car is spike bed.Car is very uncomfortable and cheap.
The car is spike bed.Car is very luxury and comfortable.
The smell in the container reminded the man of a fresh baked cake.The container smelled good and delectable.
The smell in the container reminded the man of a fresh baked cake.The container smelled spoiled.
The smell in the container reminded the man of 3 week old broccoli.The container smelled spoiled.
The smell in the container reminded the man of 3 week old broccoli.The container smelled good and delectable.
The art school student had the imagination of a young leonardo da vinci.The student is a genius.
The art school student had the imagination of a young leonardo da vinci.The student was typical.
The art school student had the imagination of a person designing t-shirts for hanes.The student was typical.
The art school student had the imagination of a person designing t-shirts for hanes.The student is a genius.
The process to flatten the box reminded the man of an iphone homepage with orderly widgets.The process was organized.
The process to flatten the box reminded the man of an iphone homepage with orderly widgets.The process was sloppy.
The process to flatten the box reminded the man of a computer with too many pop-ups.The process was sloppy.
The process to flatten the box reminded the man of a computer with too many pop-ups.The process was organized.
The amount of money i have can pay off the king's castle and his meals for the next 30 years.I have a lot of money.
The amount of money i have can pay off the king's castle and his meals for the next 30 years.I hardly have enough money.
The amount of money i have can pay off a pet rock's vet bill.I hardly have enough money.
The amount of money i have can pay off a pet rock's vet bill.I have a lot of money.
My dog will eat a meal the size of jupiter and its moons combined.My dog eats way too much.
My dog will eat a meal the size of jupiter and its moons combined.My dog doesn't eat enough.
My dog will eat enough that there's still no room for his shadow.My dog doesn't eat enough.
My dog will eat enough that there's still no room for his shadow.My dog eats way too much.
The old lady has the graciousness of a princess who welcomes her prince from the magical chariot.The old lady is very elegant.
The old lady has the graciousness of a princess who welcomes her prince from the magical chariot.The old lady is sloppy and doesn't have manners or poise.
The old lady has the graciousness of a drunk frog.The old lady is sloppy and doesn't have manners or poise.
The old lady has the graciousness of a drunk frog.The old lady is very elegant.
The shipping container was as secure as a collander.The shipping container was not secure.
The shipping container was as secure as a collander.The shipping container was secure.
The shipping container was as secure as fort knox.The shipping container was secure.
The shipping container was as secure as fort knox.The shipping container was not secure.
He had the imagination of a hedgehog.He had no imagination.
He had the imagination of a hedgehog.He had a lot of imagination.
He had the imagination of walt disney.He had a lot of imagination.
He had the imagination of walt disney.He had no imagination.
The flooring was as flat as a washboard.The flooring was not flat.
The flooring was as flat as a washboard.The flooring was flat.
The flooring was as flat as a pancake.The flooring was flat.
The flooring was as flat as a pancake.The flooring was not flat.
The room had the space of the salton sea in 1979.The room had a lot of space.
The room had the space of the salton sea in 1979.The room had little space.
The room had the space of a college kid's first apartment.The room had little space.
The room had the space of a college kid's first apartment.The room had a lot of space.
The turtle had a shell the shape of an upsidedown dinner bowl.The turtle had s normal looking shell.
The turtle had a shell the shape of an upsidedown dinner bowl.The turtle's shell looked messed up.
The turtle had a shell the shape of a plate of spaghetti.The turtle's shell looked messed up.
The turtle had a shell the shape of a plate of spaghetti.The turtle had s normal looking shell.
He was as successful as soulja boy.He was very successful.
He was as successful as soulja boy.He wasn't too successful.
He was as successful as soja boy from 90 day fiance.He wasn't too successful.
He was as successful as soja boy from 90 day fiance.He was very successful.
The mental acuity test has the difficulty level of a two piece puzzle.The mental acuity test is easy.
The mental acuity test has the difficulty level of a two piece puzzle.The mental acuity test is very difficult.
The mental acuity test has the difficulty level of a final exam in all of the world's knowledge.The mental acuity test is very difficult.
The mental acuity test has the difficulty level of a final exam in all of the world's knowledge.The mental acuity test is easy.
The snap of the singer's fingers has the rhythm of a drunken drummer.The snap of the singer's fingers is awkward and out of sync.
The snap of the singer's fingers has the rhythm of a drunken drummer.The snap of the singer's fingers kept perfect time to the music.
The snap of the singer's fingers has the rhythm of a professional dancer.The snap of the singer's fingers kept perfect time to the music.
The snap of the singer's fingers has the rhythm of a professional dancer.The snap of the singer's fingers is awkward and out of sync.
Space is vast and is as scary as a horror film.Space is terrifying.
Space is vast and is as scary as a horror film.Space has a calming effect.
Space is vast and is as calming as a soothing hot bath.Space has a calming effect.
Space is vast and is as calming as a soothing hot bath.Space is terrifying.
The piece has the antiquity of the ipad.The piece is not very old.
The piece has the antiquity of the ipad.The piece is ancient.
The piece has the antiquity of the crucifiction.The piece is ancient.
The piece has the antiquity of the crucifiction.The piece is not very old.
The ride is as much fun as staying overnight at the hospital.The ride is boring.
The ride is as much fun as staying overnight at the hospital.The ride is entertaining.
The ride is as much fun as watching a baby discover their hands.The ride is entertaining.
The ride is as much fun as watching a baby discover their hands.The ride is boring.
You are as hard to get past as a cornstalk.It is easy to get around you.
You are as hard to get past as a cornstalk.It is hard to get around you.
You are as hard to get past as a stopped train.It is hard to get around you.
You are as hard to get past as a stopped train.It is easy to get around you.
The meal was as satisfying as a whopper value meal.The meal was very filling.
The meal was as satisfying as a whopper value meal.The meal had child sized portions.
The meal was as satisfying as a happy meal.The meal had child sized portions.
The meal was as satisfying as a happy meal.The meal was very filling.
The table setting for the mesl reminded her of a martha stewart magazine.The table setting was elegant.
The table setting for the mesl reminded her of a martha stewart magazine.The table setting was juvenile.
The table setting for the mesl reminded her of a kid's birthday party.The table setting was juvenile.
The table setting for the mesl reminded her of a kid's birthday party.The table setting was elegant.
The date of the meal was as good for her as a monday holiday.The date was very useful.
The date of the meal was as good for her as a monday holiday.The date was a disappointment.
The date of the meal was as good for her as a holiday with no day off.The date was a disappointment.
The date of the meal was as good for her as a holiday with no day off.The date was very useful.
The woman's health was whole wheat bread.The woman's health was in good shape.
The woman's health was whole wheat bread.The woman's health was poor.
The woman's health was processed bread.The woman's health was poor.
The woman's health was processed bread.The woman's health was in good shape.
The bride was as demanding of attention as a toddler.The bride was very demanding of attention.
The bride was as demanding of attention as a toddler.The bride wasn't demanding of attention.
The bride was as demanding of attention as a slug.The bride wasn't demanding of attention.
The bride was as demanding of attention as a slug.The bride was very demanding of attention.
The woman was as high-maintenance as an old car.The woman was very high maintenance.
The woman was as high-maintenance as an old car.The woman wasn't high maintenance.
The woman was as high-maintenance as an old cat.The woman wasn't high maintenance.
The woman was as high-maintenance as an old cat.The woman was very high maintenance.
They were close like lovers.They were very close.
They were close like lovers.They weren't close.
They were close like strangers.They weren't close.
They were close like strangers.They were very close.
It was slick like ice.It was very slick.
It was slick like ice.It wasn't slick.
It was slick like cement.It wasn't slick.
It was slick like cement.It was very slick.
It was hot like steam.It was very hot.
It was hot like steam.It was not hot.
It was hot like an ice block.It was not hot.
It was hot like an ice block.It was very hot.
The shirt was as dirty as a late night comedian's mind.It was filthy.
The shirt was as dirty as a late night comedian's mind.It was clean.
The shirt was as dirty as a nun.It was clean.
The shirt was as dirty as a nun.It was filthy.
The sauce was as spicy as hot chili.It had a kick.
The sauce was as spicy as hot chili.It was bland.
The sauce was as spicy as plain mashed potatoes.It was bland.
The sauce was as spicy as plain mashed potatoes.It had a kick.
The watch was as fancy as dinner at taco bell.It was cheap.
The watch was as fancy as dinner at taco bell.It was expensive.
The watch was as fancy as a mansion.It was expensive.
The watch was as fancy as a mansion.It was cheap.
The dance is as graceful as a jumping cat.The dance is very graceful.
The dance is as graceful as a jumping cat.The dance is not graceful.
The dance is as graceful as a malfunctioning robot.The dance is not graceful.
The dance is as graceful as a malfunctioning robot.The dance is very graceful.
Gingerbread is like curling up next to a fire.Gingerbread is warming and feels good.
Gingerbread is like curling up next to a fire.Gingerbread makes one feel badly.
Gingerbread is like being stuck out in the cold.Gingerbread makes one feel badly.
Gingerbread is like being stuck out in the cold.Gingerbread is warming and feels good.
Spring is a fresh set of clean sheets.Spring is a refreshing and good thing.
Spring is a fresh set of clean sheets.Spring is messy and unpleasant.
Spring is falling into a mud pit.Spring is messy and unpleasant.
Spring is falling into a mud pit.Spring is a refreshing and good thing.
My thinking is that of a running motor on constant overdrive.My thinking is constantly on ideas.
My thinking is that of a running motor on constant overdrive.My thinking is low on ideas.
My thinking is scrambled eggs stomped all over.My thinking is low on ideas.
My thinking is scrambled eggs stomped all over.My thinking is constantly on ideas.
My sleep schedule is a baby's dream come true.I get plenty of sleep.
My sleep schedule is a baby's dream come true.I hardly get any sleep.
My sleep schedule is a frazzled state of death.I hardly get any sleep.
My sleep schedule is a frazzled state of death.I get plenty of sleep.
My dirty socks are a pile of lightly scented l aromas.My dirty socks smell slightly.
My dirty socks are a pile of lightly scented l aromas.My dirty socks smell really terrible.
My dirty socks are a pile of turds.My dirty socks smell really terrible.
My dirty socks are a pile of turds.My dirty socks smell slightly.
She was languid, a freshly lobotomized patient watching out the window of her room.She is vapid and incapable of thought.
She was languid, a freshly lobotomized patient watching out the window of her room.She is patient, waiting for her body to heal.
She was languid, a hospital patient watching out the window of her room.She is patient, waiting for her body to heal.
She was languid, a hospital patient watching out the window of her room.She is vapid and incapable of thought.
He was a shrike, perched on his thorn bush.He is vicious, capable of violence or brutal killing.
He was a shrike, perched on his thorn bush.He is beautiful, carefully perched on something that might harm others.
He was a song bird, perched on a bramble bush.He is beautiful, carefully perched on something that might harm others.
He was a song bird, perched on a bramble bush.He is vicious, capable of violence or brutal killing.
They are the gentle, lapping waters of low tide.They are placid, inviting, and unaffected.
They are the gentle, lapping waters of low tide.They are furious and dangerous.
They are the pounding, roaring waves of the stormy sea.They are furious and dangerous.
They are the pounding, roaring waves of the stormy sea.They are placid, inviting, and unaffected.
The movie has the depth of a thimble.The movie is boring.
The movie has the depth of a thimble.The movie is profound.
The movie has the depth of a canyon.The movie is profound.
The movie has the depth of a canyon.The movie is boring.
The movie has the depth of a 4 year old.The movie is boring.
The movie has the depth of a 4 year old.The movie is profound.
The movie has the depth of a wise philosopher.The movie is profound.
The movie has the depth of a wise philosopher.The movie is boring.
The movie has the depth of a shot glass.The movie is boring.
The movie has the depth of a shot glass.The movie is profound.
The movie has the depth of a wine vat.The movie is profound.
The movie has the depth of a wine vat.The movie is boring.
The underhanded tactics that the man used reminded her of ethan hunt in mission impossible.The man was as professional as a apy.
The underhanded tactics that the man used reminded her of ethan hunt in mission impossible.The man was incompetent.
The underhanded tactics that the man used reminded her of jacques clouseau in the pink panther.The man was incompetent.
The underhanded tactics that the man used reminded her of jacques clouseau in the pink panther.The man was as professional as a apy.
The new conditioner made her hair as soft as peach fuzz.Her hair was soft and velvety.
The new conditioner made her hair as soft as peach fuzz.Her hair texture was rough.
The new conditioner made her hair as soft as peach pits.Her hair texture was rough.
The new conditioner made her hair as soft as peach pits.Her hair was soft and velvety.
The new batteries in her remote control gave her as much control over her tv as the steering wheel in her car with a grip on it.The control was precise.
The new batteries in her remote control gave her as much control over her tv as the steering wheel in her car with a grip on it.The control was sloppy.
The new batteries in her remote control gave her as much control over her tv as the steering wheel in your car covered in vaseline.The control was sloppy.
The new batteries in her remote control gave her as much control over her tv as the steering wheel in your car covered in vaseline.The control was precise.
The drain had the suction power of a girl on onlyfans who specializes in "mouth stuff".The drain has a lot of suction.
The drain had the suction power of a girl on onlyfans who specializes in "mouth stuff".The drain has little suction.
The drain had the suction power of a vacuum hose without the cleaner.The drain has little suction.
The drain had the suction power of a vacuum hose without the cleaner.The drain has a lot of suction.
The canyon had the depth of a virgin vagina.The canyon was not deep.
The canyon had the depth of a virgin vagina.The canyon was deep.
The canyon had the depth of a vagina that's had eight kids.The canyon was deep.
The canyon had the depth of a vagina that's had eight kids.The canyon was not deep.
The job had the easiness of colombo solving the case of who took the last cookie.The job was easy.
The job had the easiness of colombo solving the case of who took the last cookie.The job was hard.
The job had the easiness of trying to trace the ancestry of the entire human race.The job was hard.
The job had the easiness of trying to trace the ancestry of the entire human race.The job was easy.
Jerry is a lion.Jerry is ferocious and wild.
Jerry is a lion.Jerry is sweet and calm.
Jerry is a kitten.Jerry is sweet and calm.
Jerry is a kitten.Jerry is ferocious and wild.
Your head is an empty box.You don't have anything intelligent to say.
Your head is an empty box.You have many great thoughts.
Your head is a vast library.You have many great thoughts.
Your head is a vast library.You don't have anything intelligent to say.
The music you are playing is hot garbage.I don't like the music.
The music you are playing is hot garbage.I enjoy the music quite a bit.
The music you are playing is sweet honey.I enjoy the music quite a bit.
The music you are playing is sweet honey.I don't like the music.
The man had the focus of a transplant surgeon.The man was focused.
The man had the focus of a transplant surgeon.The man lacked focus.
The man had the focus of a hyperactive puppy.The man lacked focus.
The man had the focus of a hyperactive puppy.The man was focused.
The plane touched down on the tarmack like a whisper.The plane touched down quietly.
The plane touched down on the tarmack like a whisper.The plane bumped and banged as it touched down.
The plane touched down on the tarmack like pots and pans tumbling out of a kitchen cupboard.The plane bumped and banged as it touched down.
The plane touched down on the tarmack like pots and pans tumbling out of a kitchen cupboard.The plane touched down quietly.
His hair appeared to have been licked by a horse.His hair was standing on end.
His hair appeared to have been licked by a horse.His hair was smooth and shiny.
His hair appeared to be woven gold.His hair was smooth and shiny.
His hair appeared to be woven gold.His hair was standing on end.
That blanket is a rabbit's fur.Blanket is very soft.
That blanket is a rabbit's fur.Blanket is very hard and rough.
That blanket is a cactus.Blanket is very hard and rough.
That blanket is a cactus.Blanket is very soft.
This poem is an epic.The poem is really memorable.
This poem is an epic.The poem is really fogetable.
This poem is a fogotten tale.The poem is really fogetable.
This poem is a fogotten tale.The poem is really memorable.
The food at this restaurant tastes like dog food.The food at this restaurant is terrible.
The food at this restaurant tastes like dog food.The food at this restaurant is delicious.
The food at this restaurant tastes like ambrosia.The food at this restaurant is delicious.
The food at this restaurant tastes like ambrosia.The food at this restaurant is terrible.
The actress looks like a goddess.The actress is beautiful.
The actress looks like a goddess.The actress is ugly.
The actress looks like a gargoyle.The actress is ugly.
The actress looks like a gargoyle.The actress is beautiful.
This sweater is as soft as a brillo pad.The sweater is coarse.
This sweater is as soft as a brillo pad.The sweater is plush.
This sweater is as soft as a baby bunny.The sweater is plush.
This sweater is as soft as a baby bunny.The sweater is coarse.
His core was as rotten as a month old apple.He was a bad person deep down.
His core was as rotten as a month old apple.He was considered kind and naive.
His core was as rotten as a freshly picked fruit.He was considered kind and naive.
His core was as rotten as a freshly picked fruit.He was a bad person deep down.
He was progressing towards the finish line with the speed of a formula 1 car.He was getting to the finish line quickly.
He was progressing towards the finish line with the speed of a formula 1 car.He was taking his time in getting to the finish line.
He was progressing towards the finish line with the speed of a turtle on crutches.He was taking his time in getting to the finish line.
He was progressing towards the finish line with the speed of a turtle on crutches.He was getting to the finish line quickly.
The chemicals were as explosive as 1000 grenades.The chemicals were very dangerous and to be handled carefully.
The chemicals were as explosive as 1000 grenades.The chemicals were not very volatile.
The chemicals were as explosive as a fourth of july sparkler.The chemicals were not very volatile.
The chemicals were as explosive as a fourth of july sparkler.The chemicals were very dangerous and to be handled carefully.
The store had the prices of a "going out of business" sale on black friday.The store had good prices.
The store had the prices of a "going out of business" sale on black friday.The store had poor prices.
The store had the prices of an 8-year-old item twice marked up.The store had poor prices.
The store had the prices of an 8-year-old item twice marked up.The store had good prices.
The forest was as wet as a woman's panties before sleeping with her celebrity crush.The forest was soaking wet.
The forest was as wet as a woman's panties before sleeping with her celebrity crush.The forest was completely dry.
The forest was as wet as a woman's panties after an hour in the dryer on high heat.The forest was completely dry.
The forest was as wet as a woman's panties after an hour in the dryer on high heat.The forest was soaking wet.
His joints made the sound of a kitkat bar in a "break me a piece" commercial.His joints were crackling.
His joints made the sound of a kitkat bar in a "break me a piece" commercial.His joints were silent.
His joints made the sound of the outside world while wearing noise canceling headphones.His joints were silent.
His joints made the sound of the outside world while wearing noise canceling headphones.His joints were crackling.
The  test was as hard as sitting in a comfy chair.The test was not hard.
The  test was as hard as sitting in a comfy chair.The test was hard.
The  test was as hard as the theory of relativity.The test was hard.
The  test was as hard as the theory of relativity.The test was not hard.
His car cost as much as a piece of gum.His car cost was cheap.
His car cost as much as a piece of gum.His car was expensive.
His car cost as much as a mountain of gold.His car was expensive.
His car cost as much as a mountain of gold.His car cost was cheap.
Her vision was as good as a bat.Her vision was not good.
Her vision was as good as a bat.Her vision was good.
Her vision was as good as an eagle.Her vision was good.
Her vision was as good as an eagle.Her vision was not good.
The core of jupiter is thought to be that of a solid rock sphere.The core of jupiter is solid.
The core of jupiter is thought to be that of a solid rock sphere.The core of jupiter is liquid.
The core of jupiter is thought to be that of a molten ball of hot metal.The core of jupiter is liquid.
The core of jupiter is thought to be that of a molten ball of hot metal.The core of jupiter is solid.
Progress towards the finishing of the building was like that of a stalagmite forming in a cave.The building's progress is very slow.
Progress towards the finishing of the building was like that of a stalagmite forming in a cave.The building's progress is very fast.
Progress towards the finishing of the building was like that of an adrenalized bolt of lightning.The building's progress is very fast.
Progress towards the finishing of the building was like that of an adrenalized bolt of lightning.The building's progress is very slow.
The chemical process has the complexity of a kid mixing vinegar and baking soda.The chemical process is very simple.
The chemical process has the complexity of a kid mixing vinegar and baking soda.The chemical process is very complex.
The chemical process has the complexity of a procedure for shutting down a nuclear power plant.The chemical process is very complex.
The chemical process has the complexity of a procedure for shutting down a nuclear power plant.The chemical process is very simple.
The core of the cake reminded him of a hot stack of pancakes.The center was gooey and warm.
The core of the cake reminded him of a hot stack of pancakes.The center was dry and crumbly.
The core of the cake reminded him of biscotti.The center was dry and crumbly.
The core of the cake reminded him of biscotti.The center was gooey and warm.
The progress he made on his software program was like watching a quarterback run a touchdown to the end zone.The progress was quick and satisfying.
The progress he made on his software program was like watching a quarterback run a touchdown to the end zone.The progress was clumsy.
The progress he made on his software program was like watching the quarterback fumble with football repeatedly.The progress was clumsy.
The progress he made on his software program was like watching the quarterback fumble with football repeatedly.The progress was quick and satisfying.
The chemicals in her shampoo had a scent which reminded her of her grandmother rubbing liniment on her arthritis knee.The shampoo smelled medicinal.
The chemicals in her shampoo had a scent which reminded her of her grandmother rubbing liniment on her arthritis knee.The shampoo smelled delectable.
The chemicals in her shampoo had a scent which reminded her of her grandmother making apple pie.The shampoo smelled delectable.
The chemicals in her shampoo had a scent which reminded her of her grandmother making apple pie.The shampoo smelled medicinal.
The core is a koi pond.The core is small.
The core is a koi pond.The core is large.
The core is a an infinity pool.The core is large.
The core is a an infinity pool.The core is small.
The progress the man made was a sand box.The progress was small.
The progress the man made was a sand box.The progress was large.
The progress the man made was the sahara desert.The progress was large.
The progress the man made was the sahara desert.The progress was small.
The chemical compound made is a child's tantrum.The chemical compound is basically bad.
The chemical compound made is a child's tantrum.The chemical compound is profoundly bad.
The chemical compound made is the devil's work.The chemical compound is profoundly bad.
The chemical compound made is the devil's work.The chemical compound is basically bad.
The earth is as round as a ball.The earth is round.
The earth is as round as a ball.The earth is not round.
The earth is as round as a house.The earth is not round.
The earth is as round as a house.The earth is round.
Tim's hands were rough as sandpaper.Tim had hands that were not soft.
Tim's hands were rough as sandpaper.Tim had soft hands.
Tim's hands were slick like ice.Tim had soft hands.
Tim's hands were slick like ice.Tim had hands that were not soft.
The house was tall as a tree.The house was tall.
The house was tall as a tree.The house is big and tall.
The house was tall as a mountain.The house is big and tall.
The house was tall as a mountain.The house was tall.
That car has the horsepower of a plane.The car has a high horsepower.
That car has the horsepower of a plane.The car has a low horsepower.
That car has the horsepower of a lawnmower.The car has a low horsepower.
That car has the horsepower of a lawnmower.The car has a high horsepower.
That car has the acceleration of a rocket.The car accelerates very fast.
That car has the acceleration of a rocket.The car accelerates very slow.
That car has the acceleration of a snail.The car accelerates very slow.
That car has the acceleration of a snail.The car accelerates very fast.
That car has the top speed of a turtle.The car's top speed is very slow.
That car has the top speed of a turtle.The car's top speed is very fast.
That car has the top speed of a cheetah.The car's top speed is very fast.
That car has the top speed of a cheetah.The car's top speed is very slow.
His nurse had the bedside manner of a scolding and judgmental ex-wife.His nurse had a hostile bedside manner.
His nurse had the bedside manner of a scolding and judgmental ex-wife.His nurse had a kind bedside manner.
His nurse had the bedside manner of a forgiving and understanding girlfriend.His nurse had a kind bedside manner.
His nurse had the bedside manner of a forgiving and understanding girlfriend.His nurse had a hostile bedside manner.
That 400-pound man needs another donut as much as a baby needs scotch whiskey.That 400-pound man does not need another donut.
That 400-pound man needs another donut as much as a baby needs scotch whiskey.That 400-pound man needs another donut.
That 400-pound man needs another donut as much as a diabetic needs insulin.That 400-pound man needs another donut.
That 400-pound man needs another donut as much as a diabetic needs insulin.That 400-pound man does not need another donut.
The drunk was as happy about leaving the strip club as a five year-old going home from chuck e. cheese's for a nap.The drunk was not happy about leaving the strip club.
The drunk was as happy about leaving the strip club as a five year-old going home from chuck e. cheese's for a nap.The drunk was happy about leaving the strip club.
The drunk was as happy about leaving the strip club as a freshly minted 21 year-old going into one.The drunk was happy about leaving the strip club.
The drunk was as happy about leaving the strip club as a freshly minted 21 year-old going into one.The drunk was not happy about leaving the strip club.
The jewel had the value of a first world nation's economy.Thr jewel was very valuable.
The jewel had the value of a first world nation's economy.The jewel was worthless.
The jewel had the value of a penny run through a pressing machine.The jewel was worthless.
The jewel had the value of a penny run through a pressing machine.Thr jewel was very valuable.
Her hair smelled burnt as an oven set to "self-cleaning mode".Her hair smelled very burnt.
Her hair smelled burnt as an oven set to "self-cleaning mode".Her hair had no burnt smell at all.
Her hair smelled burnt as a frozen fish stick.Her hair had no burnt smell at all.
Her hair smelled burnt as a frozen fish stick.Her hair smelled very burnt.
The dog's fur was as smooth as broken glass on sandpaper.The dog's fur was rough.
The dog's fur was as smooth as broken glass on sandpaper.The dog's fur was smooth.
The dog's fur was as smooth as a drink of a freshly opened coca cola.The dog's fur was smooth.
The dog's fur was as smooth as a drink of a freshly opened coca cola.The dog's fur was rough.
The blanket is fresh bread.The blanket is warm and comforting.
The blanket is fresh bread.The blanket is insufficient.
The blanket is a thin slice of cheese.The blanket is insufficient.
The blanket is a thin slice of cheese.The blanket is warm and comforting.
The book is a thanksgiving dinner.The book is fulfilling and good.
The book is a thanksgiving dinner.The book is simple and boring.
The book is a a bowl of gruel.The book is simple and boring.
The book is a a bowl of gruel.The book is fulfilling and good.
The dog is a locked door.That is a good guard dog.
The dog is a locked door.That dog would let anyone inside.
The dog is an open tent.That dog would let anyone inside.
The dog is an open tent.That is a good guard dog.
The uncut diamond has the value of a lump of coal.The uncut diamond is not valuable.
The uncut diamond has the value of a lump of coal.The uncut diamond is very valuable.
The uncut diamond has the value of a palace fit for a king.The uncut diamond is very valuable.
The uncut diamond has the value of a palace fit for a king.The uncut diamond is not valuable.
The role of the prince has the importance of a cheap paperweight on a calm day.The prince's role is insignificant.
The role of the prince has the importance of a cheap paperweight on a calm day.The prince's role is important.
The role of the prince has the importance of the wind to a sailboat.The prince's role is important.
The role of the prince has the importance of the wind to a sailboat.The prince's role is insignificant.
The opossum has the keen eyes of a bat with a bad eyeglass prescription.The opossum has bad eyesight.
The opossum has the keen eyes of a bat with a bad eyeglass prescription.The opossum has very good eyesight.
The opossum has the keen eyes of an eagle with binoculars.The opossum has very good eyesight.
The opossum has the keen eyes of an eagle with binoculars.The opossum has bad eyesight.
The diamond was as valuable as amazon stock.It was worth a lot.
The diamond was as valuable as amazon stock.It was almost worthless.
The diamond was as valuable as a dirty penny.It was almost worthless.
The diamond was as valuable as a dirty penny.It was worth a lot.
The socks were as clean as folded laundry.They were neat.
The socks were as clean as folded laundry.They were gross.
The socks were as clean as mud in a storm.They were gross.
The socks were as clean as mud in a storm.They were neat.
The bear was as hungry as a racoon in the dumpster.It was starving.
The bear was as hungry as a racoon in the dumpster.It was full.
The bear was as hungry as a father after thanksgiving dinner.It was full.
The bear was as hungry as a father after thanksgiving dinner.It was starving.
She is as flexible as a stick.She is not flexible at all.
She is as flexible as a stick.She is incredibly flexible.
She is as flexible as a rubberband.She is incredibly flexible.
She is as flexible as a rubberband.She is not flexible at all.
That boy is as strong as a team of horses.That boy is unusually strong.
That boy is as strong as a team of horses.That boy is very weak.
That boy is as strong as his baby sister.That boy is very weak.
That boy is as strong as his baby sister.That boy is unusually strong.
The teacher is as mean as the grinch.The teacher is rotten.
The teacher is as mean as the grinch.The teacher is sweet.
The teacher is as mean as a newborn.The teacher is sweet.
The teacher is as mean as a newborn.The teacher is rotten.
The task took the effort of taking a nap.The task took little effort.
The task took the effort of taking a nap.The task took a lot of effort.
The task took the effort of solving an algebra equation.The task took a lot of effort.
The task took the effort of solving an algebra equation.The task took little effort.
The wood was as hard as a sponge.The wood was not hard.
The wood was as hard as a sponge.The wood was hard.
The wood was as hard as a steel beam.The wood was hard.
The wood was as hard as a steel beam.The wood was not hard.
He had been a pilot for a minute and a half.He had been a pilot for a short time.
He had been a pilot for a minute and a half.He had been a pilot for a long time.
He had been a pilot for a millennium.He had been a pilot for a long time.
He had been a pilot for a millennium.He had been a pilot for a short time.
The effort was gnat like.The effort was small.
The effort was gnat like.The effort was large.
The effort was mule like.The effort was large.
The effort was mule like.The effort was small.
It's size was nearly shrew like.It was small.
It's size was nearly shrew like.It was big.
It's size was nearly elephant seal like.It was big.
It's size was nearly elephant seal like.It was small.
The wood was pudding.The wood was soft.
The wood was pudding.The wood was hard.
The wood was peanut brittle.The wood was hard.
The wood was peanut brittle.The wood was soft.
The robot had the emotional depth of a a kiddie pool.The robot was emotionally shallow.
The robot had the emotional depth of a a kiddie pool.The robot was very deep emotionally.
The robot had the emotional depth of a the ocean.The robot was very deep emotionally.
The robot had the emotional depth of a the ocean.The robot was emotionally shallow.
The robot's head was as shiny as a coin.The robot's head was very shiny.
The robot's head was as shiny as a coin.The robot's head was very matte and anot shiny.
The robot's head was as shiny as leather.The robot's head was very matte and anot shiny.
The robot's head was as shiny as leather.The robot's head was very shiny.
The game was as unfair as a blind person playing darts.The game was super unfair.
The game was as unfair as a blind person playing darts.The game was very fair.
The game was as unfair as a 6 sided-die.The game was very fair.
The game was as unfair as a 6 sided-die.The game was super unfair.
The stars in the sky are sparkling gems.The stars are beacons of achievements that one wants to achieve or obtain.
The stars in the sky are sparkling gems.The stars signify the vastness of space and insignificance of one being.
The stars in the sky are pinpoints.The stars signify the vastness of space and insignificance of one being.
The stars in the sky are pinpoints.The stars are beacons of achievements that one wants to achieve or obtain.
My spouse's temper is a volcano.My spouse's temper is ever bubbling, ready to explode.
My spouse's temper is a volcano.My spouse's temper is almost negligible and not present.
My spouse's temper is a leaking faucet.My spouse's temper is almost negligible and not present.
My spouse's temper is a leaking faucet.My spouse's temper is ever bubbling, ready to explode.
The two friends are mimes.The two friends mirror one another actions due to similarity.
The two friends are mimes.The two friends never agree on any subject and cannot combine.
The two friends are oil and vinegar.The two friends never agree on any subject and cannot combine.
The two friends are oil and vinegar.The two friends mirror one another actions due to similarity.
These scissors are about as sharp as a professional chef-grade knife.The scissors are very sharp.
These scissors are about as sharp as a professional chef-grade knife.The scissors are not sharp at all.
These scissors are about as sharp as a butterknife.The scissors are not sharp at all.
These scissors are about as sharp as a butterknife.The scissors are very sharp.
The man has the work ethic of an successful entrepreneur.The man is hardworking.
The man has the work ethic of an successful entrepreneur.The man is not hardworking.
The man has the work ethic of a moody teenager.The man is not hardworking.
The man has the work ethic of a moody teenager.The man is hardworking.
This party is just as much fun as our awesome graduation party.This party is very fun.
This party is just as much fun as our awesome graduation party.This party is not fun.
This party is just as much fun as a funeral.This party is not fun.
This party is just as much fun as a funeral.This party is very fun.
The girl treats her dolls like a nurse.The girl handles her dolls with care.
The girl treats her dolls like a nurse.The girl mishandles her dolls.
The girl treats her dolls like a butcher.The girl mishandles her dolls.
The girl treats her dolls like a butcher.The girl handles her dolls with care.
The woman's personality is as fun as a birthday cake.The woman has a fun personality.
The woman's personality is as fun as a birthday cake.The woman has a boring personality.
The woman's personality is as fun as a sack of flour.The woman has a boring personality.
The woman's personality is as fun as a sack of flour.The woman has a fun personality.
The girl's attitude is as sweet as a strawberry.The girl's attitude is a bit sweet.
The girl's attitude is as sweet as a strawberry.The girl's attitude is a bit tart.
The girl's attitude is as sweet as a kiwi.The girl's attitude is a bit tart.
The girl's attitude is as sweet as a kiwi.The girl's attitude is a bit sweet.
The lady realized the man put as much effort into moving the boxes as mike tyson in the '80s.The man put a lot of work into it.
The lady realized the man put as much effort into moving the boxes as mike tyson in the '80s.The man was barely working.
The lady realized the man put as much effort into moving the boxes as her when she is floating in the pool.The man was barely working.
The lady realized the man put as much effort into moving the boxes as her when she is floating in the pool.The man put a lot of work into it.
The size on the jeans was as correct as 2 + 2= 4.The jeans were labeled correctly.
The size on the jeans was as correct as 2 + 2= 4.The label on the jeans were wrong.
The size on the jeans was as correct as 2 + 2 = 12.The label on the jeans were wrong.
The size on the jeans was as correct as 2 + 2 = 12.The jeans were labeled correctly.
The grade of wood was similar to a bentley.It was a luxurious wood.
The grade of wood was similar to a bentley.It wasn't luxurious wood.
The grade of wood was similar to a ford fiesta.It wasn't luxurious wood.
The grade of wood was similar to a ford fiesta.It was a luxurious wood.
Your words are clear as a tunnel.Your words don't make sense.
Your words are clear as a tunnel.Your words are senseful.
Your words are clear as sunshine.Your words are senseful.
Your words are clear as sunshine.Your words don't make sense.
The day is bright as a hole in the ground.The day is glummy.
The day is bright as a hole in the ground.The day is radiant.
The day is bright as a new lamp.The day is radiant.
The day is bright as a new lamp.The day is glummy.
You look as fresh as a baby.You look good.
You look as fresh as a baby.You look bad.
You look as fresh as an old apple.You look bad.
You look as fresh as an old apple.You look good.
His jumpshot is on fire.He is making a lot of jumpshots in basketball.
His jumpshot is on fire.He is missing a lot of jumpshots in basketball.
His jumpshot is on ice.He is missing a lot of jumpshots in basketball.
His jumpshot is on ice.He is making a lot of jumpshots in basketball.
His handle game is tight.His basketball dribbling skills are very good.
His handle game is tight.His basketball dribbling skills are not good.
His handle game is loose.His basketball dribbling skills are not good.
His handle game is loose.His basketball dribbling skills are very good.
He's got the legs of a rabbit.His legs are very athletic.
He's got the legs of a rabbit.His legs are not athletic.
He's got the legs of a old dog.His legs are not athletic.
He's got the legs of a old dog.His legs are very athletic.
This place is as cold as a popsicle.It's cold.
This place is as cold as a popsicle.It's hot.
This place is as cold as a sauna.It's hot.
This place is as cold as a sauna.It's cold.
It's dry as a bone.It's dry.
It's dry as a bone.It's wet.
It's dry as a puddle.It's wet.
It's dry as a puddle.It's dry.
You're loyal as a puppy.You're loyal.
You're loyal as a puppy.You're disloyal.
You're loyal as benedict arnold.You're disloyal.
You're loyal as benedict arnold.You're loyal.
Advice is as helpful as a bandage.Advice will only temporarily fix one a problem without real treatment.
Advice is as helpful as a bandage.Advice can open doors and broaden one's horizons.
Advice is as helpful as a college degree.Advice can open doors and broaden one's horizons.
Advice is as helpful as a college degree.Advice will only temporarily fix one a problem without real treatment.
The braces on his teeth were ice.Braces are sensitive to change and not permanent.
The braces on his teeth were ice.Braces offer a strength and security for one's mouth.
The braces on his teeth were barbed wire.Braces offer a strength and security for one's mouth.
The braces on his teeth were barbed wire.Braces are sensitive to change and not permanent.
Laughter is the soul's music.Laughter is the unadulterated release of one's emotion.
Laughter is the soul's music.Laughing at another's failing can be damaging.
Laughter is the biting sword.Laughing at another's failing can be damaging.
Laughter is the biting sword.Laughter is the unadulterated release of one's emotion.
He had the wit of an imbicile.He had no wit.
He had the wit of an imbicile.He was witty.
He had the wit of my favorite teacher.He was witty.
He had the wit of my favorite teacher.He had no wit.
It was a compromise of brains.There was an agreement.
It was a compromise of brains.There was not really an agreement.
It was a compromise of brawn.There was not really an agreement.
It was a compromise of brawn.There was an agreement.
To finish the job took him a nanosecond.He finished quickly.
To finish the job took him a nanosecond.He finished slowly.
To finish the job took him an eon.He finished slowly.
To finish the job took him an eon.He finished quickly.
This compromise is a new route.The compromise accomplished new things.
This compromise is a new route.The compromise was a re-hash of old agreements.
This compromise is a well-worn road.The compromise was a re-hash of old agreements.
This compromise is a well-worn road.The compromise accomplished new things.
The craft was a three-legged dog.The craft steered poorly.
The craft was a three-legged dog.The crafted steered exceptionally.
The craft was a water serpent.The crafted steered exceptionally.
The craft was a water serpent.The craft steered poorly.
He could compromise like atilla the hun.He could not compromise.
He could compromise like atilla the hun.He could compromise very well.
He could compromise like the constitutional comvention.He could compromise very well.
He could compromise like the constitutional comvention.He could not compromise.
The pilot was oriented as well as a funhouse visitor.The pilot was oriented badly.
The pilot was oriented as well as a funhouse visitor.The pilot was oriented well.
The pilot was oriented as well as a surveyor's level.The pilot was oriented well.
The pilot was oriented as well as a surveyor's level.The pilot was oriented badly.
She was as modest as lady godiva.She was not modest.
She was as modest as lady godiva.She was modest.
She was as modest as a southern belle.She was modest.
She was as modest as a southern belle.She was not modest.
The man had the courage of a lion.The man is very brave.
The man had the courage of a lion.The man is very cowardly.
The man had the courage of a mouse.The man is very cowardly.
The man had the courage of a mouse.The man is very brave.
The man had the strength of a bear.The man is very strong.
The man had the strength of a bear.The man is pitifully weak.
The man had the strength of a kitten.The man is pitifully weak.
The man had the strength of a kitten.The man is very strong.
The man is an earlybird.The man likes to be up early in the morning.
The man is an earlybird.The man likes to stay up late at night.
The man is a nightowl.The man likes to stay up late at night.
The man is a nightowl.The man likes to be up early in the morning.
This christmas is going to be a super-model's lunch plate at the golden corral.No presents for christmas.
This christmas is going to be a super-model's lunch plate at the golden corral.Many christmas presents.
This christmas is going to be the scales on a leaping lizzard.Many christmas presents.
This christmas is going to be the scales on a leaping lizzard.No presents for christmas.
He is brad pitt.He is handsome.
He is brad pitt.He is ugly.
He is steve buscemi.He is ugly.
He is steve buscemi.He is handsome.
The judge was solomon reincarnated.The judge was wise.
The judge was solomon reincarnated.The judge was stupid.
The judge was wylie coyote come to life.The judge was stupid.
The judge was wylie coyote come to life.The judge was wise.
That man's as shallow as a puddle.That man is shallow.
That man's as shallow as a puddle.That man is deep, and not shallow.
That man's as shallow as a black hole.That man is deep, and not shallow.
That man's as shallow as a black hole.That man is shallow.
The judge is as honest as a boy scout.The judge is honest.
The judge is as honest as a boy scout.The judge is dishonest.
The judge is as honest as pinocchio.The judge is dishonest.
The judge is as honest as pinocchio.The judge is honest.
He's as fast as a bullet.He's very fast.
He's as fast as a bullet.He's very slow.
This judge has the moral backbone of a chocolate eclaire.This judge is immoral.
This judge has the moral backbone of a chocolate eclaire.This judge is staunchly moral.
This judge has the moral backbone of a pope.This judge is staunchly moral.
This judge has the moral backbone of a pope.This judge is immoral.
This guy has the strength of ten lions.The guy is strong.
This guy has the strength of ten lions.The guy is weak.
This guy has the strength of a butterfly.The guy is weak.
This guy has the strength of a butterfly.The guy is strong.
This carpet has the feel of a lamb's behind.This carpet is soft.
This carpet has the feel of a lamb's behind.This carpet is hard.
This carpet has the feel of an armadillo.This carpet is hard.
This carpet has the feel of an armadillo.This carpet is soft.
The jury supported judge like an angry lynch mob.The jury did not support the judge.
The jury supported judge like an angry lynch mob.The jury is very much supportive of the judge.
The jury supported judge like a dedicated fan club.The jury is very much supportive of the judge.
The jury supported judge like a dedicated fan club.The jury did not support the judge.
The trance was as unbreakable as a delicate piece of china.The trance is easily broken.
The trance was as unbreakable as a delicate piece of china.The trance is very hard to break.
The trance was as unbreakable as a large granite boulder.The trance is very hard to break.
The trance was as unbreakable as a large granite boulder.The trance is easily broken.
The lecture has the depth of a swimming pool for an ant.The lecture is shallow and meaningless.
The lecture has the depth of a swimming pool for an ant.The lecture has great depth and meaning.
The lecture has the depth of the deepest well in the world.The lecture has great depth and meaning.
The lecture has the depth of the deepest well in the world.The lecture is shallow and meaningless.
She was a trance as deep as a pie crust.She was a shallow trance.
She was a trance as deep as a pie crust.She was a deep trance.
She was a trance as deep as a diamond mine.She was a deep trance.
She was a trance as deep as a diamond mine.She was a shallow trance.
The judge looked as wise as like the "what me worry" kid in mad magazine.The judge looked stupid.
The judge looked as wise as like the "what me worry" kid in mad magazine.The judge looked wise.
The judge looked as wise as like solomon.The judge looked wise.
The judge looked as wise as like solomon.The judge looked stupid.
The meal was ready as quick as earning a doctorate in physics.It took a long time for the meal to be ready.
The meal was ready as quick as earning a doctorate in physics.The meal was ready in a short time.
The meal was ready as quick as a light wave.The meal was ready in a short time.
The meal was ready as quick as a light wave.It took a long time for the meal to be ready.
He was in a trance as deep as a mermaid in the mariana trench.He was in a very deep trance.
He was in a trance as deep as a mermaid in the mariana trench.The trance he was in was shallow.
He was in a trance as deep as a valley girl's personality.The trance he was in was shallow.
He was in a trance as deep as a valley girl's personality.He was in a very deep trance.
The dog was as fat as a plesiosaur after thanksgiving dinner.The dog was fat.
The dog was as fat as a plesiosaur after thanksgiving dinner.The dog wasn't fat.
The dog was as fat as a playstation 3 after the third revision.The dog wasn't fat.
The dog was as fat as a playstation 3 after the third revision.The dog was fat.
The flower had the vibrance of a rainbow in hdr.The flower was very vibrant.
The flower had the vibrance of a rainbow in hdr.The flower lacked vibrancy.
The flower had the vibrance of a printer with low ink.The flower lacked vibrancy.
The flower had the vibrance of a printer with low ink.The flower was very vibrant.
The tracing of the image was as believable as 20/20 news reports.The tracing was as good as a drawing.
The tracing of the image was as believable as 20/20 news reports.The tracing was clearly a copy.
The tracing of the image was as believable as stories in the enquirer.The tracing was clearly a copy.
The tracing of the image was as believable as stories in the enquirer.The tracing was as good as a drawing.
The puddle in the middle of the street was as shallow as the water in a water bottle cap.There was not a lot of water in the puddle.
The puddle in the middle of the street was as shallow as the water in a water bottle cap.The puddle was full of water.
The puddle in the middle of the street was as shallow as the water in a bathtub.The puddle was full of water.
The puddle in the middle of the street was as shallow as the water in a bathtub.There was not a lot of water in the puddle.
The judge had the appearance of a tv judge.The judge looked professional.
The judge had the appearance of a tv judge.The judge was too casual.
The judge had the appearance of a pie eating contest judge.The judge was too casual.
The judge had the appearance of a pie eating contest judge.The judge looked professional.
The boy has the strength of a cardboard house.The boy is weak.
The boy has the strength of a cardboard house.The boy is strong.
The boy has the strength of a redwood.The boy is strong.
The boy has the strength of a redwood.The boy is weak.
The dog has the obedience of a wild animal.The dog is disobedient.
The dog has the obedience of a wild animal.The dog is obedient.
The dog has the obedience of a butler.The dog is obedient.
The dog has the obedience of a butler.The dog is disobedient.
Her voice has the smoothness of sandpaper.Her voice is not smooth.
Her voice has the smoothness of sandpaper.Her voice is smooth.
Her voice has the smoothness of birdsong.Her voice is smooth.
Her voice has the smoothness of birdsong.Her voice is not smooth.
That bird is as graceful as a ballet dancer.That bird is very graceful.
That bird is as graceful as a ballet dancer.That bird is very clumsy.
That bird is as graceful as a drunken penguin.That bird is very clumsy.
That bird is as graceful as a drunken penguin.That bird is very graceful.
That magic show was as captivating as a first love.The magic show kept attention very easily.
That magic show was as captivating as a first love.The magic show was not good, and made you want to leave.
That magic show was as captivating as an out of tune opera.The magic show was not good, and made you want to leave.
That magic show was as captivating as an out of tune opera.The magic show kept attention very easily.
That helmet provides as much protection as a brick wall.The helmet provides a lot of protection.
That helmet provides as much protection as a brick wall.The helmet does not protect you very well.
That helmet provides as much protection as a potato.The helmet does not protect you very well.
That helmet provides as much protection as a potato.The helmet provides a lot of protection.
This toast is charcoal.The toast is burnt and hard.
This toast is charcoal.The toast is smooth and golden.
This toast is butter.The toast is smooth and golden.
This toast is butter.The toast is burnt and hard.
The road has the smoothness of ice cream.The road is smooth.
The road has the smoothness of ice cream.The road is very rough.
The road has the smoothness of cheap whiskey.The road is very rough.
The road has the smoothness of cheap whiskey.The road is smooth.
The tree has the height of a sky scraper.The tree is very tall.
The tree has the height of a sky scraper.The tree is very short.
The tree has the height of a blade of grass.The tree is very short.
The tree has the height of a blade of grass.The tree is very tall.
The words out of the girl's mouth had the credibility of a dictionary.The girl was very credible.
The words out of the girl's mouth had the credibility of a dictionary.The girl made up a lot of things.
The words out of the girl's mouth had the credibility of the onion.The girl made up a lot of things.
The words out of the girl's mouth had the credibility of the onion.The girl was very credible.
The bath water had the temperature of lava.The bath water was really hot.
The bath water had the temperature of lava.The bath water was really cold.
The bath water had the temperature of a fudgesicle.The bath water was really cold.
The bath water had the temperature of a fudgesicle.The bath water was really hot.
The boy's room had the neatness of a smash cake for a kid's first birthday party.The boy's room was totally messy.
The boy's room had the neatness of a smash cake for a kid's first birthday party.The boy's room was very neat.
The boy's room had the neatness of a soldier's uniform.The boy's room was very neat.
The boy's room had the neatness of a soldier's uniform.The boy's room was totally messy.
The dog was as loud as a horn.The dog was barking loud.
The dog was as loud as a horn.The dog was barking softly.
The dog was as loud as a mouse.The dog was barking softly.
The dog was as loud as a mouse.The dog was barking loud.
The shoes were as big as a yacht.The shoes were large.
The shoes were as big as a yacht.The shoes were miniscule.
The shoes were as big as a thimble.The shoes were miniscule.
The shoes were as big as a thimble.The shoes were large.
The turkey was as dry as cotton.The turkey was really dry.
The turkey was as dry as cotton.The turkey was really moist.
The turkey was as dry as the ocean.The turkey was really moist.
The turkey was as dry as the ocean.The turkey was really dry.
The magic was as amazing as a day at disneyworld.It was great.
The magic was as amazing as a day at disneyworld.It was lame.
The magic was as amazing as a trip to the post office.It was lame.
The magic was as amazing as a trip to the post office.It was great.
The book as as interesting as a heavyweight fight.It was exciting.
The book as as interesting as a heavyweight fight.It was boring.
The book as as interesting as a chemistry test.It was boring.
The book as as interesting as a chemistry test.It was exciting.
The show was as captivating as a new videogame.It was amazing.
The show was as captivating as a new videogame.It was lame.
The show was as captivating as a wet sock.It was lame.
The show was as captivating as a wet sock.It was amazing.
The chef ran the kitchen like a world-class symphony conductor.The chef ran the kitchen in careful, orderly manner.
The chef ran the kitchen like a world-class symphony conductor.The chef ran the kitchen in a chaotic, bumbling way.
The chef ran the kitchen like the keystone kops on meth.The chef ran the kitchen in a chaotic, bumbling way.
The chef ran the kitchen like the keystone kops on meth.The chef ran the kitchen in careful, orderly manner.
The baseball pitcher threw the ball with laser-like speed and accuracy.The baseball pitcher threw the ball with accuracy and speed.
The baseball pitcher threw the ball with laser-like speed and accuracy.The baseball pitcher could barely find home plate.
The baseball pitcher threw the ball like a blind gorilla.The baseball pitcher could barely find home plate.
The baseball pitcher threw the ball like a blind gorilla.The baseball pitcher threw the ball with accuracy and speed.
The actor's performance made one forget this was a movie.The actor's performance was realistic.
The actor's performance made one forget this was a movie.The actor's performance was boring and unconvincing.
The actor's performance was as wooden as an insurance salesman reciting the exclusionary clause of a life insurance policy.The actor's performance was boring and unconvincing.
The actor's performance was as wooden as an insurance salesman reciting the exclusionary clause of a life insurance policy.The actor's performance was realistic.
Selecting a material to build a farm fence is like selecting a winter jacket.Should be strong enough to withstand the weather conditions and also should not harm the animals the jacket safeguards us from bad weather while not making it unconfortable to wear it.
Selecting a material to build a farm fence is like selecting a winter jacket.We need to get professional help trying to do things we have no knowledge of.
Selecting a material to build a farm fence is like going to the doctor for medical care.We need to get professional help trying to do things we have no knowledge of.
Selecting a material to build a farm fence is like going to the doctor for medical care.Should be strong enough to withstand the weather conditions and also should not harm the animals the jacket safeguards us from bad weather while not making it unconfortable to wear it.
Hope is like a solid gold bar.It never decays and never dies unless influenced by others ( like applying heat to gold bars changes it.
Hope is like a solid gold bar.Hope dies if the surrounding environment does not support it we need to constantly remind ourselves and feed the feeling of hope to keep it alive.
Hope is nutrition to a growing plant.Hope dies if the surrounding environment does not support it we need to constantly remind ourselves and feed the feeling of hope to keep it alive.
Hope is nutrition to a growing plant.It never decays and never dies unless influenced by others ( like applying heat to gold bars changes it.
Our mind is like flowing water.Our mind also acts in the same way, so should control our mind to stay focused.
Our mind is like flowing water.A bird sees so many things from a higher elevation and needs to pick the ones that are most interesting so our mind should be free and controlled to see the big picture that helps us to be creative.
Our mind is like a bird in flight.A bird sees so many things from a higher elevation and needs to pick the ones that are most interesting so our mind should be free and controlled to see the big picture that helps us to be creative.
Our mind is like a bird in flight.Our mind also acts in the same way, so should control our mind to stay focused.
The fabric was as smooth as a washboard.The fabric was not smooth.
The fabric was as smooth as a washboard.The fabric was smooth.
The fabric was as smooth as a bowling alley.The fabric was smooth.
The fabric was as smooth as a bowling alley.The fabric was not smooth.
She felt as happy as a recent widow.She did not feel happy.
She felt as happy as a recent widow.She felt happy.
She felt as happy as bozo the clown.She felt happy.
She felt as happy as bozo the clown.She did not feel happy.
The music sounded like nails on a blackboard.The music sounded bad.
The music sounded like nails on a blackboard.The music sounded good.
The music sounded like the top of the pops.The music sounded good.
The music sounded like the top of the pops.The music sounded bad.
The bananas were as yellow as the glistening sun.The bananas were a brilliant yellow.
The bananas were as yellow as the glistening sun.The bananas were a dull, sickly yellow.
The bananas were as yellow as someone's teeth who had yet to be brushed for a week.The bananas were a dull, sickly yellow.
The bananas were as yellow as someone's teeth who had yet to be brushed for a week.The bananas were a brilliant yellow.
Her cough was an airhorn.Her cough was very loud.
Her cough was an airhorn.Her cough was very quiet.
Her cough was a wisper.Her cough was very quiet.
Her cough was a wisper.Her cough was very loud.
She had the speed of an african cheetah in its prime.She was very very fast.
She had the speed of an african cheetah in its prime.She was extremely slow.
She had the speed of the dmv.She was extremely slow.
She had the speed of the dmv.She was very very fast.
This material is as thick as stone.The material is thick.
This material is as thick as stone.The material is thin.
This material is as thick as string.The material is thin.
This material is as thick as string.The material is thick.
The grass is as green as a frog.The grass is green.
The grass is as green as a frog.The grass is brown and not green.
The grass is as green as dirt.The grass is brown and not green.
The grass is as green as dirt.The grass is green.
The material was as smooth as freshly conditioned hair.The hair was soft and smooth.
The material was as smooth as freshly conditioned hair.The texture was rough and bumpy.
The material was as smooth as the bark on a tree.The texture was rough and bumpy.
The material was as smooth as the bark on a tree.The hair was soft and smooth.
Watching his children decorate a christmas tree made the man as happy as when he was 10 at christmas.The kids decorating the tree made the man feel nostalgic.
Watching his children decorate a christmas tree made the man as happy as when he was 10 at christmas.The kids decorating the tree made the man think of the chore of cleaning up after them.
Watching his children decorate a christmas tree made the man as happy as when he had to change their diapers.The kids decorating the tree made the man think of the chore of cleaning up after them.
Watching his children decorate a christmas tree made the man as happy as when he had to change their diapers.The kids decorating the tree made the man feel nostalgic.
The rocks in the driveway made a sound the man thought was similar to a water fountain.The sound was soothing.
The rocks in the driveway made a sound the man thought was similar to a water fountain.The sound was grateing.
The rocks in the driveway made a sound the man thought was similar to nails on a chalkboard.The sound was grateing.
The rocks in the driveway made a sound the man thought was similar to nails on a chalkboard.The sound was soothing.
The magnet had the pull of a single woman in a busy bar.The magnet had a strong pull.
The magnet had the pull of a single woman in a busy bar.The magnet had a weak pull.
The magnet had the pull of a child playing tug-of-war against a team of full grown men.The magnet had a weak pull.
The magnet had the pull of a child playing tug-of-war against a team of full grown men.The magnet had a strong pull.
She had the guilt of a man who forgot his anniversary.She felt a lot of guilt.
She had the guilt of a man who forgot his anniversary.She felt little guilt.
She had the guilt of a sociopath after doing anything wrong.She felt little guilt.
She had the guilt of a sociopath after doing anything wrong.She felt a lot of guilt.
He felt as comfortable as a regular skinny dipper with a group of close friends.He felt pretty comfortable.
He felt as comfortable as a regular skinny dipper with a group of close friends.He felt very uncomfortable.
He felt as comfortable as a skinny dipper in a cold lake surrounded by unwanted bystanders.He felt very uncomfortable.
He felt as comfortable as a skinny dipper in a cold lake surrounded by unwanted bystanders.He felt pretty comfortable.
Reading this book is like banging my head against the wall.The book is boring.
Reading this book is like banging my head against the wall.The book is wonderful.
Reading this book is like dying and going to heaven.The book is wonderful.
Reading this book is like dying and going to heaven.The book is boring.
The girl has the brains of a brain surgeon.The girl is smart.
The girl has the brains of a brain surgeon.The girl is unintelligent.
The girl has the brains of a jellyfish.The girl is unintelligent.
The girl has the brains of a jellyfish.The girl is smart.
The air feels like a bowl of soup.The air is unpleasant.
The air feels like a bowl of soup.The air is refreshing.
The air feels like the breath of god.The air is refreshing.
The air feels like the breath of god.The air is unpleasant.
The picture was as dark as a black hole.The picture was dark.
The picture was as dark as a black hole.The picture was bright.
The picture was as dark as the sun.The picture was bright.
The picture was as dark as the sun.The picture was dark.
The coin was as shiny as a waxed car.The coin was shiny.
The coin was as shiny as a waxed car.The coin was dull.
The coin was as shiny as shoes.The coin was dull.
The coin was as shiny as shoes.The coin was shiny.
The surface is as big as the pacific ocean.The surface is huge.
The surface is as big as the pacific ocean.The surface is small.
The surface is as big as a piece of toilet paper.The surface is small.
The surface is as big as a piece of toilet paper.The surface is huge.
The lamp is as bright as a camera flash.The lamp is very bright.
The lamp is as bright as a camera flash.The lamp is dark.
The lamp is as bright as coal.The lamp is dark.
The lamp is as bright as coal.The lamp is very bright.
The debt is as big as a teacup.The debt is tiny.
The debt is as big as a teacup.The debt is large.
The debt is as big as an olympic pool.The debt is large.
The debt is as big as an olympic pool.The debt is tiny.
The kitchen was a construction zone.The kitchen's where messes pile up with ease.
The kitchen was a construction zone.The kitchen's where masterpieces are created.
The kitchen was a artist's workshop.The kitchen's where masterpieces are created.
The kitchen was a artist's workshop.The kitchen's where messes pile up with ease.
Relationships are a rollercoaster.Relationships can be extremely volatile and bumpy.
Relationships are a rollercoaster.Relationships can be extremely tame and relaxing.
Relationships are a marshmallow.Relationships can be extremely tame and relaxing.
Relationships are a marshmallow.Relationships can be extremely volatile and bumpy.
The classroom was a circus.The classroom was wild and untamed.
The classroom was a circus.The classroom was a symphony of balance and precision.
The classroom was a ballet.The classroom was a symphony of balance and precision.
The classroom was a ballet.The classroom was wild and untamed.
The surface of the cake was as pretty as a woman on her wedding day.The cake was beautiful.
The surface of the cake was as pretty as a woman on her wedding day.The cake was disheveled.
The surface of the cake was as pretty as a woman after 24 hours of labor.The cake was disheveled.
The surface of the cake was as pretty as a woman after 24 hours of labor.The cake was beautiful.
The level on the game was as hard as passing a driver's exam without studying.The level was difficult.
The level on the game was as hard as passing a driver's exam without studying.The level was solution was known.
The level on the game was as hard as passing a 10th grade algebra exam with the teachers answers.The level was solution was known.
The level on the game was as hard as passing a 10th grade algebra exam with the teachers answers.The level was difficult.
The woman's new fake gucci purse was as nice as fingernails in most salons.The fake purse was plasticy.
The woman's new fake gucci purse was as nice as fingernails in most salons.The fake purse was enchanting.
The woman's new fake gucci purse was as nice as the moon on a full moon night.The fake purse was enchanting.
The woman's new fake gucci purse was as nice as the moon on a full moon night.The fake purse was plasticy.
The woman was as explosive as a piata.The woman was very explosive.
The woman was as explosive as a piata.The woman was very calm.
The woman was as explosive as a fat cow grazing.The woman was very calm.
The woman was as explosive as a fat cow grazing.The woman was very explosive.
The ice cream cone is as tall as the empire state building.The ice cream cone is tall.
The ice cream cone is as tall as the empire state building.The ice cream cone is short.
The ice cream cone is as tall as a thimble.The ice cream cone is short.
The ice cream cone is as tall as a thimble.The ice cream cone is tall.
The man is as aggressive as a wildebeest.The man is very aggressive.
The man is as aggressive as a wildebeest.The man is very passive.
The man is as aggressive as a sloth.The man is very passive.
The man is as aggressive as a sloth.The man is very aggressive.
Wow it's busier than a church on christmas.It's really busy here.
Wow it's busier than a church on christmas.It's not busy here at all.
Wow it's busier than ghost town.It's not busy here at all.
Wow it's busier than ghost town.It's really busy here.
The cars horn sounds like a silent fart.The car's horn is quiet.
The cars horn sounds like a silent fart.The car's horn is really loud.
The cars horn sounds like a jet engine.The car's horn is really loud.
The cars horn sounds like a jet engine.The car's horn is quiet.
That bike has wheels the size of russia.That bike's wheels are huge.
That bike has wheels the size of russia.That bike's wheels are tiny.
That bike has wheels the size of pennies.That bike's wheels are tiny.
That bike has wheels the size of pennies.That bike's wheels are huge.
The package's contents has the fragility of a bird's egg.The package's contents is very fragile.
The package's contents has the fragility of a bird's egg.The package's contents is heavy duty and not fragile.
The package's contents has the fragility of a brick house.The package's contents is heavy duty and not fragile.
The package's contents has the fragility of a brick house.The package's contents is very fragile.
The man on the dock has the strength of a two-year-old toddler.The man on the dock is very weak.
The man on the dock has the strength of a two-year-old toddler.The man on the dock is very strong.
The man on the dock has the strength of an olympic dead weight lifter.The man on the dock is very strong.
The man on the dock has the strength of an olympic dead weight lifter.The man on the dock is very weak.
For his efforts, his monetary reward was that of the cost of a toothpick.The man is not rewarded well.
For his efforts, his monetary reward was that of the cost of a toothpick.The man is rewarded handsomely.
For his efforts, his monetary reward was that of a queen's dowry.The man is rewarded handsomely.
For his efforts, his monetary reward was that of a queen's dowry.The man is not rewarded well.
He has the brightness of a lightbulb.He is smart.
He has the brightness of a lightbulb.He is dumb.
He has the brightness of mud.He is dumb.
He has the brightness of mud.He is smart.
He has the smoothness of glass.He is charming.
He has the smoothness of glass.He is not charming.
He has the smoothness of rocks.He is not charming.
He has the smoothness of rocks.He is charming.
He has the sharpness of a knife.He is smart.
He has the sharpness of a knife.He is dumb.
He has the sharpness of a stone.He is dumb.
He has the sharpness of a stone.He is smart.
It is as blue as a stopsign.It is not blue.
It is as blue as a stopsign.It is blue.
It is as long as the amazon river.It is long.
It is as long as the amazon river.It is short.
It is as long as a grain of rice.It is short.
It is as long as a grain of rice.It is long.
It is as sticky as velcro.It is sticky.
It is as sticky as velcro.It is non stick.
It is as sticky as ice.It is non stick.
It is as sticky as ice.It is sticky.
Her strength is that of a ox.She is strong.
Her strength is that of a ox.She is weak.
Her strength is that of a mouse.She is weak.
Her strength is that of a mouse.She is strong.
Her jumping ability is that of a frog.She can jump really high.
Her jumping ability is that of a frog.She cannot jump high.
Her jumping ability is that of a old dog.She cannot jump high.
Her jumping ability is that of a old dog.She can jump really high.
Her balance is that of a swan.She has good balance.
Her balance is that of a swan.She doesn't have good balance.
Her balance is that of a new born deer.She doesn't have good balance.
Her balance is that of a new born deer.She has good balance.
This class is as inspiring as a bucket of mud.The class is boring.
This class is as inspiring as a bucket of mud.The class is inspiring.
This class is as inspiring as a beautiful sunset.The class is inspiring.
This class is as inspiring as a beautiful sunset.The class is boring.
My abs are as toned as a bowl of jelly.My abs are flabby.
My abs are as toned as a bowl of jelly.My abs are tight.
My abs are as toned as a cinderblock.My abs are tight.
My abs are as toned as a cinderblock.My abs are flabby.
The video game has the entertainment value of a day in disneyland.The video game is exciting.
The video game has the entertainment value of a day in disneyland.The video game is boring.
The video game has the entertainment value of a rock.The video game is boring.
The video game has the entertainment value of a rock.The video game is exciting.
My computer is a dinosaur.My computer's old and extinct technology.
My computer is a dinosaur.My computer lives forever under certain conditions.
My computer is a vampire.My computer lives forever under certain conditions.
My computer is a vampire.My computer's old and extinct technology.
She's a night owl.She's up at all hours of the night.
She's a night owl.She's tucked within safe confines and resting at night.
She's a night turtle.She's tucked within safe confines and resting at night.
She's a night turtle.She's up at all hours of the night.
The young boy was a chicken.The young boy ran from every danger or challenge.
The young boy was a chicken.The young boy was courageous and led his peers.
The young boy was a lion.The young boy was courageous and led his peers.
The young boy was a lion.The young boy ran from every danger or challenge.
The joke was as funny as last year's overused meme.The joke wasn't funny.
The joke was as funny as last year's overused meme.The joke was pretty funny.
The joke was as funny as a clown getting hit with a pie so hard its face flies off.The joke was pretty funny.
The joke was as funny as a clown getting hit with a pie so hard its face flies off.The joke wasn't funny.
The game was as hard to play as a game of hopscotch with a bunch of five year olds.The game was easy to play.
The game was as hard to play as a game of hopscotch with a bunch of five year olds.The game was hard to play.
The game was as hard to play as a second round of russian roulette.The game was hard to play.
The game was as hard to play as a second round of russian roulette.The game was easy to play.
The truck was making all the noise of an imaginary friend.The truck was not making any noise.
The truck was making all the noise of an imaginary friend.The truck was being noisy.
The truck was making all the noise of an average night at a frat house.The truck was being noisy.
The truck was making all the noise of an average night at a frat house.The truck was not making any noise.
The students were miniature shrubs.The students were slow.
The students were miniature shrubs.The students were smart.
The students were tall cypresses.The students were smart.
The students were tall cypresses.The students were slow.
The strength was a toy poodle.The strength was weak.
The strength was a toy poodle.The strength was strong.
The strength was a pitt bull.The strength was strong.
The strength was a pitt bull.The strength was weak.
The money for pay was a charm bracelet.The pay was small.
The money for pay was a charm bracelet.The pay was large.
The money for pay was a diamond bracelet.The pay was large.
The money for pay was a diamond bracelet.The pay was small.
I have a mind like a computer.My mind works very efficiently.
I have a mind like a computer.My mind is incredibly scatterbrained and inefficient.
I have a mind like a computer with malware.My mind is incredibly scatterbrained and inefficient.
I have a mind like a computer with malware.My mind works very efficiently.
This pillow's as soft as silk.This pillow's soft.
This pillow's as soft as silk.This pillow's hard.
This pillow's as soft as stone.This pillow's hard.
This pillow's as soft as stone.This pillow's soft.
You're as valuable as gold.You're valuable.
You're as valuable as gold.You're not valuable.
You're as valuable as dirt.You're not valuable.
You're as valuable as dirt.You're valuable.
My mustache is a furry squirrel.My mustache is bushy and long.
My mustache is a furry squirrel.My mustache is hairless.
My mustache is a sphynx cat.My mustache is hairless.
My mustache is a sphynx cat.My mustache is bushy and long.
I have the same eyesight as a hawk.I have good eyesight.
I have the same eyesight as a hawk.I have bad eyesight.
I have the same eyesight as a mole.I have bad eyesight.
I have the same eyesight as a mole.I have good eyesight.
I have the smelling ability of a bloodhound.I can smell really well.
I have the smelling ability of a bloodhound.I can't smell that well.
I have the smelling ability of lizard.I can't smell that well.
I have the smelling ability of lizard.I can smell really well.
Her mind on the cool fall day was as sharp as the edge of a dried leaf.Her intellect was keen and sharp.
Her mind on the cool fall day was as sharp as the edge of a dried leaf.Her thinking was dull.
Her mind on the cool fall day was as sharp as the edge of a soggy wet leaf.Her thinking was dull.
Her mind on the cool fall day was as sharp as the edge of a soggy wet leaf.Her intellect was keen and sharp.
The stone for skipping was as flat as the bottom half of a hamburger bun.The stone was flat and uniform.
The stone for skipping was as flat as the bottom half of a hamburger bun.The stone was too round.
The stone for skipping was as flat as the top half of a hamburger bun.The stone was too round.
The stone for skipping was as flat as the top half of a hamburger bun.The stone was flat and uniform.
The new machine ran as well as usain bolt.The new machine ran impeccably.
The new machine ran as well as usain bolt.The new machine barely ran.
The new machine ran as well as an old man in a cast.The new machine barely ran.
The new machine ran as well as an old man in a cast.The new machine ran impeccably.
His mind is a computer.He's very precise when he performs.
His mind is a computer.He's very disorderly when he performs.
His mind is a mud pool.He's very disorderly when he performs.
His mind is a mud pool.He's very precise when he performs.
The stone is a lightshow.The stone glimmers.
The stone is a lightshow.The stone has no glimmer.
The stone is a bore.The stone has no glimmer.
The stone is a bore.The stone glimmers.
The machine is a clacker.The machine operates loudly.
The machine is a clacker.The machine operates silently.
The machine is a zipper.The machine operates silently.
The machine is a zipper.The machine operates loudly.
She has a mind like a scalpel.She has a good mind.
She has a mind like a scalpel.She does not have a good mind.
She has a mind like a leaky boat.She does not have a good mind.
She has a mind like a leaky boat.She has a good mind.
The diamond was the size of a bedbug.The diamond was small.
The diamond was the size of a bedbug.The diamond was large.
The diamond was the size of a grape.The diamond was large.
The diamond was the size of a grape.The diamond was small.
She answered the phone with the charm of a drill sergeant.She answered the phone rudely.
She answered the phone with the charm of a drill sergeant.She answered the phone poliely.
She answered the phone with the charm of a southern belle.She answered the phone poliely.
She answered the phone with the charm of a southern belle.She answered the phone rudely.
The shoe is a piece of trash.The shoe is low quality and i hate it.
The shoe is a piece of trash.The shoe is so wonderful that it makes me reassess my very existence.
The shoe is a gift from god.The shoe is so wonderful that it makes me reassess my very existence.
The shoe is a gift from god.The shoe is low quality and i hate it.
Your child is a ray of sunshine.The child is nice and pleasent.
Your child is a ray of sunshine.The child is not enjoyable to be around.
Your child is a rainy cloud.The child is not enjoyable to be around.
Your child is a rainy cloud.The child is nice and pleasent.
Your brain is mush.You are stupid and useless.
Your brain is mush.You are smart and your ideas have value.
Your brain is gold.You are smart and your ideas have value.
Your brain is gold.You are stupid and useless.
His mind is a book mobile.His mind is simple.
His mind is a book mobile.His mind is complex.
His mind is the library of congress.His mind is complex.
His mind is the library of congress.His mind is simple.
The stone is a paper towel.The stone is bland.
The stone is a paper towel.The stone is exciting.
The stone is a tapestry.The stone is exciting.
The stone is a tapestry.The stone is bland.
The machine is iron age.The machine is quite basic.
The machine is iron age.The machine is complex.
The machine is space age.The machine is complex.
The machine is space age.The machine is quite basic.
The mind of the criminal was that of a dunce with an iq of 4.The criminal is stupid.
The mind of the criminal was that of a dunce with an iq of 4.The criminal is very smart.
The mind of the criminal was that of a criminal genius like lex luther.The criminal is very smart.
The mind of the criminal was that of a criminal genius like lex luther.The criminal is stupid.
The sea stone was as hard as a wet sponge.The stone is soft and supple.
The sea stone was as hard as a wet sponge.The stone is very hard.
The sea stone was as hard as as the hope diamond.The stone is very hard.
The sea stone was as hard as as the hope diamond.The stone is soft and supple.
The machine's milling ability was that of a clumsy oaf carpenter.The machine's milling ability is poor.
The machine's milling ability was that of a clumsy oaf carpenter.The machine's milling ability is excellent.
The machine's milling ability was that of a skilled craftsman and machinist.The machine's milling ability is excellent.
The machine's milling ability was that of a skilled craftsman and machinist.The machine's milling ability is poor.
It is as strong as a ox.It is strong.
It is as strong as a ox.It is weak.
It is as strong as a mouse.It is weak.
It is as strong as a mouse.It is strong.
It is as tall as the eiffel tower.It is tall.
It is as tall as the eiffel tower.It is short.
It is as tall as a grain of rice.It is short.
It is as tall as a grain of rice.It is tall.
The movie is as long as a snake.It is long.
The movie is as long as a snake.It is short.
The movie is as long as a bug.It is short.
The movie is as long as a bug.It is long.
Her sacrifice was as great as a grain of sand.Her sacrifice was minimal.
Her sacrifice was as great as a grain of sand.Her sacrifice was great.
Her sacrifice was as great as mount everest.Her sacrifice was great.
Her sacrifice was as great as mount everest.Her sacrifice was minimal.
The link was as easy to follow as a billboard.The link was easy to follow.
The link was as easy to follow as a billboard.The link was not easy to follow.
The link was as easy to follow as an amoeba.The link was not easy to follow.
The link was as easy to follow as an amoeba.The link was easy to follow.
The field was as crowded as grand central station.The field was crowded.
The field was as crowded as grand central station.The field was not crowded.
The field was as crowded as the surface of the moon.The field was not crowded.
The field was as crowded as the surface of the moon.The field was crowded.
The sacrifice has the depth of jello.The sacrifice is shallow.
The sacrifice has the depth of jello.The sacrifice is profound.
The sacrifice has the depth of an ornamental christmas trifle.The sacrifice is profound.
The sacrifice has the depth of an ornamental christmas trifle.The sacrifice is shallow.
The link between them is a daisy stem.The link is weak.
The link between them is a daisy stem.The link is strong.
The link between them is an oak root.The link is strong.
The link between them is an oak root.The link is weak.
The field of study is a bed poppies.The field of study is narrow.
The field of study is a bed poppies.The field of study is wide.
The field of study is an english cottage garden.The field of study is wide.
The field of study is an english cottage garden.The field of study is narrow.
Your gift is like a clogged field line.Your gift is not welcome.
Your gift is like a clogged field line.Your gift is such a treat.
Your gift is like extra butter.Your gift is such a treat.
Your gift is like extra butter.Your gift is not welcome.
Your opinion is like a persistent yowling.Your opinion is very annoying.
Your opinion is like a persistent yowling.Your opinion is profound.
Your opinion is like a miracle.Your opinion is profound.
Your opinion is like a miracle.Your opinion is very annoying.
Her hair was like thread.Her hair was very course.
Her hair was like thread.Her hair was very grey.
Her hair was like an opossums.Her hair was very grey.
Her hair was like an opossums.Her hair was very course.
This field is as grassy as the sahara desert.This field is not grassy.
This field is as grassy as the sahara desert.This field is very grassy.
This field is as grassy as a cow pasture.This field is very grassy.
This field is as grassy as a cow pasture.This field is not grassy.
You ride that bike like lance armstrong.You are skilled at riding that bike.
You ride that bike like lance armstrong.You are terrible at riding that bike.
You ride that bike like a one-legged man.You are terrible at riding that bike.
You ride that bike like a one-legged man.You are skilled at riding that bike.
Writing this homework assignment is like writing the bible.This homework assignment is very long and difficult.
Writing this homework assignment is like writing the bible.This homework assignment is quick and easy.
Writing this homework assignment is like writing a shopping list.This homework assignment is quick and easy.
Writing this homework assignment is like writing a shopping list.This homework assignment is very long and difficult.
The house was as humble as a hermit's.The house's aesthetic was simple.
The house was as humble as a hermit's.The house aesthetic was extravagant.
The house was as humble as louis xiv's versailles.The house aesthetic was extravagant.
The house was as humble as louis xiv's versailles.The house's aesthetic was simple.
I woke up with the energy of a sloth.I woke up with very little energy.
I woke up with the energy of a sloth.I woke up with a lot of energy.
I woke up with the energy of a dog hearing his owner yell "treat!".I woke up with a lot of energy.
I woke up with the energy of a dog hearing his owner yell "treat!".I woke up with very little energy.
The skies overhead were as clear as a vs1 diamond.The skies were cloudless and clear.
The skies overhead were as clear as a vs1 diamond.The skies were cloudy and not clear.
The skies overhead were as clear as an untreated swimming pool.The skies were cloudy and not clear.
The skies overhead were as clear as an untreated swimming pool.The skies were cloudless and clear.
He was under rhe pressure of a planet with low gravity and no atmosphere.He was under little pressure.
He was under rhe pressure of a planet with low gravity and no atmosphere.He was under a lot of pressure.
He was under rhe pressure of a spoiled wife and a perfectionist boss.He was under a lot of pressure.
He was under rhe pressure of a spoiled wife and a perfectionist boss.He was under little pressure.
The novel had the prose of a 7th grader's first fanfiction.The novel had poor prose.
The novel had the prose of a 7th grader's first fanfiction.The novel had good prose.
The novel had the prose of an 19th century poet.The novel had good prose.
The novel had the prose of an 19th century poet.The novel had poor prose.
The marshmallow was gooey as the semen of a dehydrated man.The marshmallow was very gooey.
The marshmallow was gooey as the semen of a dehydrated man.The marshmallow was not gooey.
The marshmallow was gooey as a melted slushie.The marshmallow was not gooey.
The marshmallow was gooey as a melted slushie.The marshmallow was very gooey.
The field has the size of an award-winning sumo wrestler.The field is big.
The field has the size of an award-winning sumo wrestler.The field is small.
The field has the size of a child gynmast.The field is small.
The field has the size of a child gynmast.The field is big.
The links in the chain have the strength of a nfl prospect benching at the combine.The chain is strong.
The links in the chain have the strength of a nfl prospect benching at the combine.The chain is weak.
The links in the chain have the strength of a greenbean.The chain is weak.
The links in the chain have the strength of a greenbean.The chain is strong.
The computer has the speed of usain bolt in his prime.The computer is fast.
The computer has the speed of usain bolt in his prime.The computer is slow.
The computer has the speed of tom brady at the combine.The computer is slow.
The computer has the speed of tom brady at the combine.The computer is fast.
That meal is as filling as a bag of potato chips.It's not filling at all.
That meal is as filling as a bag of potato chips.It's very filling.
That meal is as filling as a steak and potato dinner.It's very filling.
That meal is as filling as a steak and potato dinner.It's not filling at all.
She eats as much as a full grown hippo.She eats alot.
She eats as much as a full grown hippo.She doesn't eat a lot at all.
She eats as much as a bird.She doesn't eat a lot at all.
She eats as much as a bird.She eats alot.
That's probably as sweet as a jar of honey.It's very sweet.
That's probably as sweet as a jar of honey.It isn't sweet at all.
That's probably as sweet as a plate of nachos.It isn't sweet at all.
That's probably as sweet as a plate of nachos.It's very sweet.
The cities sound is a blaring horn.The city is loud.
The cities sound is a blaring horn.The city is quiet.
The cities sound is a distant murmur.The city is quiet.
The cities sound is a distant murmur.The city is loud.
The painting has the beauty of the starry sky.The painting is beautiful.
The painting has the beauty of the starry sky.The panting is ugly.
The painting has the beauty of a muddy pool.The panting is ugly.
The painting has the beauty of a muddy pool.The painting is beautiful.
The water's color is a night sky.The water is dark.
The water's color is a night sky.The water is transparent.
The water's color is a pristine mirror.The water is transparent.
The water's color is a pristine mirror.The water is dark.
The dedication of the fans was like watching a civil war against entertainers.The fans are not dedicated.
The dedication of the fans was like watching a civil war against entertainers.The fans are very dedicated.
The dedication of the fans was like watching a religious cult following.The fans are very dedicated.
The dedication of the fans was like watching a religious cult following.The fans are not dedicated.
The danger involved in driving the new car is that of a student pilot crash landing.Driving the car is dangerous.
The danger involved in driving the new car is that of a student pilot crash landing.Driving the car is safe and uneventful.
The danger involved in driving the new car is that of a man lying in bed at peace.Driving the car is safe and uneventful.
The danger involved in driving the new car is that of a man lying in bed at peace.Driving the car is dangerous.
The presentation of the artist's painting held the suspense of a movie with a predictable ending.The presentation of the painting is boring and without suspense.
The presentation of the artist's painting held the suspense of a movie with a predictable ending.The presentation of the painting is nerve racking and suspenseful.
The presentation of the artist's painting held the suspense of an alfred hitchcock psychological thriller.The presentation of the painting is nerve racking and suspenseful.
The presentation of the artist's painting held the suspense of an alfred hitchcock psychological thriller.The presentation of the painting is boring and without suspense.
I'm as hairy as a bear.I'm hairy.
I'm as hairy as a bear.I'm bald.
I'm as hairy as a naked mole rat.I'm bald.
I'm as hairy as a naked mole rat.I'm hairy.
You're as mean as a snake.You're mean.
You're as mean as a snake.You're not mean.
You're as mean as a newborn bunny.You're not mean.
You're as mean as a newborn bunny.You're mean.
You're as well-rounded as a globe.You're well-rounded.
You're as well-rounded as a globe.You're not well-rounded at all.
You're as well-rounded as a rectangle.You're not well-rounded at all.
You're as well-rounded as a rectangle.You're well-rounded.
She has the dedication of a mother who sticks by her child after being convicted of murder.She has a lot of dedication.
She has the dedication of a mother who sticks by her child after being convicted of murder.She has little dedication.
She has the dedication of an anime fan moving into the new waifu of the week.She has little dedication.
She has the dedication of an anime fan moving into the new waifu of the week.She has a lot of dedication.
The snake was as dangerous as a blind baby chihuahua.The snake wasn't dangerous.
The snake was as dangerous as a blind baby chihuahua.The snake was quite dangerous.
The snake was as dangerous as thor after thanos killed his family.The snake was quite dangerous.
The snake was as dangerous as thor after thanos killed his family.The snake wasn't dangerous.
The drink was cold as planet x after beinf ejected from the solar system.The drink was cold.
The drink was cold as planet x after beinf ejected from the solar system.The drink was hot.
The drink was cold as a bowl of chili in the desert.The drink was hot.
The drink was cold as a bowl of chili in the desert.The drink was cold.
His voice was as loud as a thunderclap.His voice was loud.
His voice was as loud as a thunderclap.His voice was quiet.
His voice was as loud as a whisper.His voice was quiet.
His voice was as loud as a whisper.His voice was loud.
Her thighs were as creamy as butter.Her thighs were soft.
Her thighs were as creamy as butter.Her thighs were hairy and rough.
Her thighs were as rough as sandpaper.Her thighs were hairy and rough.
Her thighs were as rough as sandpaper.Her thighs were soft.
His temper was as predictable as death itself.His temper could always be counted on.
His temper was as predictable as death itself.His temper was unpredictable.
His temper was as predictable as a simmering volcano.His temper was unpredictable.
His temper was as predictable as a simmering volcano.His temper could always be counted on.
They would follow him anywhere.They completely trusted him.
They would follow him anywhere.They resisted trusting him at all.
They would follow him nowhere.They resisted trusting him at all.
They would follow him nowhere.They completely trusted him.
Fear is a wild animal.Fear is difficult to control or encounter.
Fear is a wild animal.Fear can be trained and kept under control.
Fear is a domesticated animal.Fear can be trained and kept under control.
Fear is a domesticated animal.Fear is difficult to control or encounter.
He had the dedication of a dog.He was completely and continuously dedicated.
He had the dedication of a dog.He was inconsistently dedicated.
He had the dedication of a cat.He was inconsistently dedicated.
He had the dedication of a cat.He was completely and continuously dedicated.
My dog followed me to the park like a dog tail.My dog follows where i go.
My dog followed me to the park like a dog tail.My dog follows my every where i go.
My dog followed me to the park like a snake tail.My dog follows my every where i go.
My dog followed me to the park like a snake tail.My dog follows where i go.
This stunt looks dangerous like petting a venomous snake.This stunt looks very dangerous act.
This stunt looks dangerous like petting a venomous snake.This stunt is not good for health might kill you.
This stunt looks dangerous like sleeping on volcano.This stunt is not good for health might kill you.
This stunt looks dangerous like sleeping on volcano.This stunt looks very dangerous act.
The dedication of that player is like scientist studies for 1st grade exam.The dedication of that player is immerse.
The dedication of that player is like scientist studies for 1st grade exam.The dedication of that player is very serious.
The dedication of that player is like scientist researching for quantum theory.The dedication of that player is very serious.
The dedication of that player is like scientist researching for quantum theory.The dedication of that player is immerse.
It is as picturesque as a photograph.It is pretty.
It is as picturesque as a photograph.It is ugly.
It is as picturesque as a dump.It is ugly.
It is as picturesque as a dump.It is pretty.
It is as round as a blueberry.It is round.
It is as round as a blueberry.It is not round.
It is as round as a a car.It is not round.
It is as round as a a car.It is round.
It is as clear as a blue sky.It is clear.
It is as clear as a blue sky.It is unclear.
It is as clear as window shade.It is unclear.
It is as clear as window shade.It is clear.
The shoes are clown shoes.The shoes are large.
The shoes are clown shoes.The shoes are small.
The shoes are doll shoes.The shoes are small.
The shoes are doll shoes.The shoes are large.
The glass is a diamond.The glass is sparkling.
The glass is a diamond.The glass is dirty.
The glass is a mud puddle.The glass is dirty.
The glass is a mud puddle.The glass is sparkling.
The room is a hospital surgery.The room is clean.
The room is a hospital surgery.The room is dirty.
The room is a pig pen.The room is dirty.
The room is a pig pen.The room is clean.
The birthday party had the air of a funeral.The party was somber.
The birthday party had the air of a funeral.The party was spectacular.
The birthday party had the air of a coronation.The party was spectacular.
The birthday party had the air of a coronation.The party was somber.
The man stood as tall as a redwood tree.The man was tall.
The man stood as tall as a redwood tree.The man was short.
The man stood as tall as a mouse.The man was short.
The man stood as tall as a mouse.The man was tall.
The waves upon the beach were a soft caress.The waves were gentle.
The waves upon the beach were a soft caress.The waves were wild.
The waves upon the beach were a punishing blow.The waves were wild.
The waves upon the beach were a punishing blow.The waves were gentle.
A movie with good moral.The story has principles.
A movie with good moral.The story is cheerful.
A movie with full of joy.The story is cheerful.
A movie with full of joy.The story has principles.
The snowman had the face of a young mila kunis.The snowman had a very nice face.
The snowman had the face of a young mila kunis.The snowman's face was very ugly.
The snowman had the face of emperor palpatine after dying the second time.The snowman's face was very ugly.
The snowman had the face of emperor palpatine after dying the second time.The snowman had a very nice face.
The mummy's bandages had the smell of a bag of unwashed underwear straight from the gym.The mummy's bandages smelled bad.
The mummy's bandages had the smell of a bag of unwashed underwear straight from the gym.The mummy's bandages smelled good.
The mummy's bandages had the smell of fresh linen out of the dryer.The mummy's bandages smelled good.
The mummy's bandages had the smell of fresh linen out of the dryer.The mummy's bandages smelled bad.
His glasses were in the shape of a junkyard car after a cat gave birth in it.His glasss were in bad shape.
His glasses were in the shape of a junkyard car after a cat gave birth in it.His glasses were in good shape.
His glasses were in the shape of the us economy in the mid-'80s.His glasses were in good shape.
His glasses were in the shape of the us economy in the mid-'80s.His glasss were in bad shape.
The child's photography is a trolley.The photography is slow/simple.
The child's photography is a trolley.The photography is fast/complex.
The child's photography is a high speed rail system.The photography is fast/complex.
The child's photography is a high speed rail system.The photography is slow/simple.
The party is a kitten.The party is tame.
The party is a kitten.The party is wild.
The party is a mountain lioness.The party is wild.
The party is a mountain lioness.The party is tame.
The future is a tricycle.The future is boring, easy.
The future is a tricycle.The future is complex, exciting.
The future is a motorcycle.The future is complex, exciting.
The future is a motorcycle.The future is boring, easy.
This chocolate is a sugar mill.Chocolate is very sweet.
This chocolate is a sugar mill.Chocolate is very sugar free and bitter.
This chocolate is a bittergourd.Chocolate is very sugar free and bitter.
This chocolate is a bittergourd.Chocolate is very sweet.
This pizza is gooey mess.This pizza has lot of cheese.
This pizza is gooey mess.This pizza has no cheese.
This pizza is a dry cracker.This pizza has no cheese.
This pizza is a dry cracker.This pizza has lot of cheese.
This bread is a brick.This bread is very hard.
This bread is a brick.This bread is very soft.
This bread is a fluff ball.This bread is very soft.
This bread is a fluff ball.This bread is very hard.
His photographs belonged in the town dump.His photographs were bad.
His photographs belonged in the town dump.His photographs were good.
His photographs belonged in a museum.His photographs were good.
His photographs belonged in a museum.His photographs were bad.
The party lasted as long as a lightning bug's flash.The party lasted did not last long.
The party lasted as long as a lightning bug's flash.The party lasted long.
The party lasted as long as the jurassic era.The party lasted long.
The party lasted as long as the jurassic era.The party lasted did not last long.
The party was as exciting as watching clothes dry.The party was not exciting.
The party was as exciting as watching clothes dry.The party was exciting.
The party was as exciting as a home run in the bottom of the ninth.The party was exciting.
The party was as exciting as a home run in the bottom of the ninth.The party was not exciting.
Her job milked her for as much energy as a wind turbine produces.Her job took a lot of her energy.
Her job milked her for as much energy as a wind turbine produces.Her job required little energy.
Her job milked her for as much energy as a high efficiency washer uses in one day.Her job required little energy.
Her job milked her for as much energy as a high efficiency washer uses in one day.Her job took a lot of her energy.
Her husband gave her as much affection as there is wind downtown chicago.Her husband gave her large amounts of affection.
Her husband gave her as much affection as there is wind downtown chicago.Affection was sparse.
Her husband gave her as much affection as there is wind in a fully insulated house.Affection was sparse.
Her husband gave her as much affection as there is wind in a fully insulated house.Her husband gave her large amounts of affection.
Her dinner was as tasty as something cooked by jamie oliver.The dinner tasted like it was cooked by a celebrity chef.
Her dinner was as tasty as something cooked by jamie oliver.The dinner was poorly cooked.
Her dinner was as tasty as something cooked by a failing home economics student.The dinner was poorly cooked.
Her dinner was as tasty as something cooked by a failing home economics student.The dinner tasted like it was cooked by a celebrity chef.
This criminal has the smarts of einstein.The criminal is a genius.
This criminal has the smarts of einstein.The criminal is very dumb.
This criminal has the smarts of a bag of rocks.The criminal is very dumb.
This criminal has the smarts of a bag of rocks.The criminal is a genius.
The woman's heart was made of fire.The woman was passionate.
The woman's heart was made of fire.The woman was cold.
The woman's heart was made of ice.The woman was cold.
The woman's heart was made of ice.The woman was passionate.
The food tasted like eating a mother's love.The food tasted amazing.
The food tasted like eating a mother's love.The food tasted disgusting.
The food tasted like eating the bottom of a shoe.The food tasted disgusting.
The food tasted like eating the bottom of a shoe.The food tasted amazing.
The crime has the complexity of a childs movie.The crime is simple.
The crime has the complexity of a childs movie.The crime is complex.
The crime has the complexity of a grand master chess game.The crime is complex.
The crime has the complexity of a grand master chess game.The crime is simple.
He is as affectionate as a rock.He is not affectionate.
He is as affectionate as a rock.He is very affectionate.
He is as affectionate as a puppy.He is very affectionate.
He is as affectionate as a puppy.He is not affectionate.
The dinner is as salty as the dead sea.The dinner is salty.
The dinner is as salty as the dead sea.The dinner is not salty.
The dinner is as salty as a piece of chocolate.The dinner is not salty.
The dinner is as salty as a piece of chocolate.The dinner is salty.
The christmas toy was a torture device assaulting the senses.The christmas toy was very loud.
The christmas toy was a torture device assaulting the senses.The christmas toy was silent.
The christmas toy was a peaceful reflection of jesus' nativity scene.The christmas toy was silent.
The christmas toy was a peaceful reflection of jesus' nativity scene.The christmas toy was very loud.
The ice skater navigated the crowded ice as deftly as a scalpel-wielding surgeon making careful and strategically precise incisions.The ice skater navigated the crowded ice cautiously.
The ice skater navigated the crowded ice as deftly as a scalpel-wielding surgeon making careful and strategically precise incisions.The ice skater navigated the crowded ice dangerously.
The ice skater navigated the crowded ice as deftly as an angry buffalo with its tail ablaze.The ice skater navigated the crowded ice dangerously.
The ice skater navigated the crowded ice as deftly as an angry buffalo with its tail ablaze.The ice skater navigated the crowded ice cautiously.
Her birthday party was as successful as the hindenburg's final voyage.Her birthday party was a disaster.
Her birthday party was as successful as the hindenburg's final voyage.Her birthday party was a great success.
Her birthday party was as more fun than winning the lottery while on vacation at disneyworld.Her birthday party was a great success.
Her birthday party was as more fun than winning the lottery while on vacation at disneyworld.Her birthday party was a disaster.
This town's got as much crime as a gangster movie.This town's full of crime.
This town's got as much crime as a gangster movie.This town's barely got any crime at all.
This town's got as much crime as a nursery school.This town's barely got any crime at all.
This town's got as much crime as a nursery school.This town's full of crime.
You're as affectionate as a puppy.You're affectionate.
You're as affectionate as a puppy.You're aggressive and not affectionate.
You're as affectionate as a crocodile.You're aggressive and not affectionate.
You're as affectionate as a crocodile.You're affectionate.
My dinner was as hot as fire.My dinner was hot.
My dinner was as hot as fire.My dinner was cold.
My dinner was as hot as snow.My dinner was cold.
My dinner was as hot as snow.My dinner was hot.
Your feet are monsters.Your feet are disgusting.
Your feet are monsters.You have wonderful feet.
Your feet are angels.You have wonderful feet.
Your feet are angels.Your feet are disgusting.
Your daughter has the beauty of a dying goat.She is unpleasant to be around.
Your daughter has the beauty of a dying goat.She is pure and beautiful.
Your daughter has the beauty of a baby bird.She is pure and beautiful.
Your daughter has the beauty of a baby bird.She is unpleasant to be around.
Your hair style is a car wreck.You have an awful haircut that is disturbing to look at.
Your hair style is a car wreck.Your hair style is vivacious and lively.
Your hair style is the fourth of july.Your hair style is vivacious and lively.
Your hair style is the fourth of july.You have an awful haircut that is disturbing to look at.
The crime has all the weight of a parking ticket.The crime is minor and not serious.
The crime has all the weight of a parking ticket.The crime is very serious.
The crime has all the weight of a thousand capital murders.The crime is very serious.
The crime has all the weight of a thousand capital murders.The crime is minor and not serious.
Her affection for him is like an ant's affection for aardvarks.She dislikes him and is not affectionate.
Her affection for him is like an ant's affection for aardvarks.Her affection is great and sincere.
Her affection for him is like a bear's love for honey.Her affection is great and sincere.
Her affection for him is like a bear's love for honey.She dislikes him and is not affectionate.
The dinner had all the allure of eating from a garbage can.The dinner is terrible and unappealing.
The dinner had all the allure of eating from a garbage can.The dinner is extravagant and very appealing.
The dinner had all the allure of an opulent banquet in the land of oz.The dinner is extravagant and very appealing.
The dinner had all the allure of an opulent banquet in the land of oz.The dinner is terrible and unappealing.
Their new home was just a tad smaller than the taj mahal.The house was big.
Their new home was just a tad smaller than the taj mahal.The house was small.
Their new home was just a tad smaller than a phone booth.The house was small.
Their new home was just a tad smaller than a phone booth.The house was big.
He loved his daughter like he was the sun and she was the flower.He was attentive to his daughter.
He loved his daughter like he was the sun and she was the flower.He wan inattentive to his daughter.
He loved his daughter like she was a telephone pole he drove past in the night.He wan inattentive to his daughter.
He loved his daughter like she was a telephone pole he drove past in the night.He was attentive to his daughter.
He tossed the bowling bowling ball with such authority it looked like precision ball bearing rolling directly towards the target.He was a good bowler.
He tossed the bowling bowling ball with such authority it looked like precision ball bearing rolling directly towards the target.He was a poor bowler.
He tossed the bowling bowling ball with such authority it looked like tumble weed tumbling aimlesssly down the roadway.He was a poor bowler.
He tossed the bowling bowling ball with such authority it looked like tumble weed tumbling aimlesssly down the roadway.He was a good bowler.
I love you like i love myself.I love you a lot.
I love you like i love myself.I do not love you at all.
I love you like i love moldy bread.I do not love you at all.
I love you like i love moldy bread.I love you a lot.
It's about as small as a mountain.It is not at all small.
It's about as small as a mountain.It is very small.
It's about as small as a kidney bean.It is very small.
It's about as small as a kidney bean.It is not at all small.
He's doing as well as a leper.He is not doing very well at all.
He's doing as well as a leper.He is doing about as good as a person can be doing.
He's doing as well as a king.He is doing about as good as a person can be doing.
He's doing as well as a king.He is not doing very well at all.
Her love is as deep as a thimble.Her love is not deep.
Her love is as deep as a thimble.Her love isdeep.
Her love is as deep as the grand canyon.Her love isdeep.
Her love is as deep as the grand canyon.Her love is not deep.
The comforter was as soft as a pile of leaves.The comforter was soft.
The comforter was as soft as a pile of leaves.The comforter was not soft.
The comforter was as soft as a basement floor.The comforter was not soft.
The comforter was as soft as a basement floor.The comforter was soft.
The girl was as small as a hummingbird.The girl was small.
The girl was as small as a hummingbird.The girl was not small.
The girl was as small as the jolly green giant.The girl was not small.
The girl was as small as the jolly green giant.The girl was small.
Her love is a lambent flame.Her love is intense.
Her love is a lambent flame.Her love is mild.
Her love is a dim candle.Her love is mild.
Her love is a dim candle.Her love is intense.
The town is a haven only for ghosts.The town is scary and very deserted of most population.
The town is a haven only for ghosts.The town is overcrowded.
The town is a dense hive.The town is overcrowded.
The town is a dense hive.The town is scary and very deserted of most population.
The jar is as a pit.The jar is deep.
The jar is as a pit.The jar is shallow.
The jar is by all intents and purposes a petri dish.The jar is shallow.
The jar is by all intents and purposes a petri dish.The jar is deep.
My mom's food has the taste of a french chef preparing a meal for the president of america.My mom's food is delicious.
My mom's food has the taste of a french chef preparing a meal for the president of america.My mom's food sucks.
My mom's food has the taste of my corner one-star chinese restaurant.My mom's food sucks.
My mom's food has the taste of my corner one-star chinese restaurant.My mom's food is delicious.
My wealth of knowledge is as wide as a narrow closet.I am stupid.
My wealth of knowledge is as wide as a narrow closet.I am smart.
My wealth of knowledge is as wide as our galaxy.I am smart.
My wealth of knowledge is as wide as our galaxy.I am stupid.
That girl has the hotness of a victoria secret model.The girl is pretty.
That girl has the hotness of a victoria secret model.The girl is ugly.
That girl has the hotness of a babushka.The girl is ugly.
That girl has the hotness of a babushka.The girl is pretty.
She traveled the globe.She traveled all over.
She traveled the globe.She didn't travel a lot.
She traveled the yard.She didn't travel a lot.
She traveled the yard.She traveled all over.
She was as happy as a puppy.She was very happy.
She was as happy as a puppy.She wasn't happy.
She was as happy as a grouch.She wasn't happy.
She was as happy as a grouch.She was very happy.
She was as prepared as a girl scout.She was very prepared.
She was as prepared as a girl scout.She was not prepared.
She was as prepared as a new student.She was not prepared.
She was as prepared as a new student.She was very prepared.
When asked the woman said she loved the purse on display as much as she loved her first born child.She loved the purse very much.
When asked the woman said she loved the purse on display as much as she loved her first born child.She didn't really like the purse.
When asked the woman said she loved the purse on display as much as she loved her ex-husband.She didn't really like the purse.
When asked the woman said she loved the purse on display as much as she loved her ex-husband.She loved the purse very much.
The family of ducks reminded the woman of watching her children play at a playground.The ducks were having a good time and getting along.
The family of ducks reminded the woman of watching her children play at a playground.The ducks were not getting along.
The family of ducks reminded the woman of watching her children pointing out someone got more cereal than the other.The ducks were not getting along.
The family of ducks reminded the woman of watching her children pointing out someone got more cereal than the other.The ducks were having a good time and getting along.
After the woman bought the boots she realized they were the size of the size she wore when she was 8.The boots were too small.
After the woman bought the boots she realized they were the size of the size she wore when she was 8.The boots were too large.
After the woman bought the boots she realized they were the size of her husband's boots.The boots were too large.
After the woman bought the boots she realized they were the size of her husband's boots.The boots were too small.
The tires was as old as the constitution.It's been around a long time.
The tires was as old as the constitution.It is pretty new.
The tires was as old as the metaverse.It is pretty new.
The tires was as old as the metaverse.It's been around a long time.
The car drove faster than a rocket ship.It was really quick.
The car drove faster than a rocket ship.It was very slow.
The car drove faster than a wagon with no wheels.It was very slow.
The car drove faster than a wagon with no wheels.It was really quick.
The bread was as hard as concrete.It was very hard.
The bread was as hard as concrete.It was soft.
The bread was as hard as a pillow.It was soft.
The bread was as hard as a pillow.It was very hard.
The ballerina is as graceful as a donkey.The ballerina is not graceful.
The ballerina is as graceful as a donkey.The ballerina is  very graceful.
The ballerina is as graceful as a snowflake.The ballerina is  very graceful.
The ballerina is as graceful as a snowflake.The ballerina is not graceful.
His land was as vast as a desert.His land was vast.
His land was as vast as a desert.His land was not vast.
His land was as vast as a gymnasium.His land was not vast.
His land was as vast as a gymnasium.His land was vast.
He was as graceful as a dancer.He was graceful.
He was as graceful as a dancer.He was not graceful.
He was as graceful as a giraffe.He was not graceful.
He was as graceful as a giraffe.He was graceful.
He was as spiritual as a monk.He was spiritual.
He was as spiritual as a monk.He was not spiritual.
He was as spiritual as a lamp post.He was not spiritual.
He was as spiritual as a lamp post.He was spiritual.
The woman moved with the grace of a ballerina.The woman was graceful.
The woman moved with the grace of a ballerina.The woman was awkward.
The woman moved with the grace of a marionnette.The woman was awkward.
The woman moved with the grace of a marionnette.The woman was graceful.
The dancer landed with the grace of a bowling ball.The dancer was clumsy.
The dancer landed with the grace of a bowling ball.The dancer was graceful.
The dancer landed with the grace of a feather.The dancer was graceful.
The dancer landed with the grace of a feather.The dancer was clumsy.
The sweater was as soft as a baby lamb.The sweater was soft.
The sweater was as soft as a baby lamb.The sweater was itchy.
The sweater was as soft as a bale of hay.The sweater was itchy.
The sweater was as soft as a bale of hay.The sweater was soft.
The book has the length of the mississipppi river.The book is long.
The book has the length of the mississipppi river.The book is short.
The book has the length of an inchworm.The book is short.
The book has the length of an inchworm.The book is long.
The house has the size of texas.The house is big.
The house has the size of texas.The house is small.
The house has the size of a mouse.The house is small.
The house has the size of a mouse.The house is big.
The internet connection has the strength of a crossfitter.The internet connection is strong.
The internet connection has the strength of a crossfitter.The internet connection is weak.
The internet connection has the strength of a baby.The internet connection is weak.
The internet connection has the strength of a baby.The internet connection is strong.
She's graceful as a brick wall.She's not graceful.
She's graceful as a brick wall.She's very graceful.
She's graceful as an olympic ice skater.She's very graceful.
She's graceful as an olympic ice skater.She's not graceful.
He is as spiritual as a fasting nun.He is profoundly spiritual.
He is as spiritual as a fasting nun.He is not spiritual at all.
He is as spiritual as satan himself.He is not spiritual at all.
He is as spiritual as satan himself.He is profoundly spiritual.
This song is like a thousand sirens calling me across the ocean.This song is beautiful and symphonic.
This song is like a thousand sirens calling me across the ocean.This song is terrible and noisy.
This song is like a roomful of toddlers banging pots and pans.This song is terrible and noisy.
This song is like a roomful of toddlers banging pots and pans.This song is beautiful and symphonic.
The soup was as salty as the indian ocean.The soup was very salty.
The soup was as salty as the indian ocean.The soup didnt have much salt.
The soup was as salty as a glass of water.The soup didnt have much salt.
The soup was as salty as a glass of water.The soup was very salty.
The mans shoes were as clean as a cow pasture.The shoes were dirty.
The mans shoes were as clean as a cow pasture.The shoes were clean.
The mans shoes were as clean as a brand new capret.The shoes were clean.
The mans shoes were as clean as a brand new capret.The shoes were dirty.
The bucket was as heavy as a weighlifter.The bucket was heavy.
The bucket was as heavy as a weighlifter.The bucket was light.
The bucket was as heavy as a ballet dancer.The bucket was light.
The bucket was as heavy as a ballet dancer.The bucket was heavy.
Your yard is a middle-eastern warzone.Your yard is a nightmare to look at and walk through.
Your yard is a middle-eastern warzone.Your yard is like a beautiful oasis.
Your yard is an island paradise.Your yard is like a beautiful oasis.
Your yard is an island paradise.Your yard is a nightmare to look at and walk through.
She has the grace of a hippopotamus.She is clumsy.
She has the grace of a hippopotamus.She is very graceful.
She has the grace of a swan.She is very graceful.
She has the grace of a swan.She is clumsy.
The siding on the church is complete dogshit.The side of the building was not constructed or maintained well.
The siding on the church is complete dogshit.The side of the building was well designed, constructed and maintained.
The siding on the church is clockwork.The side of the building was well designed, constructed and maintained.
The siding on the church is clockwork.The side of the building was not constructed or maintained well.
The words of comfort were gracefully tender.The words were very comforting.
The words of comfort were gracefully tender.The words were lacking and didn't feel genuine.
The words of comfort were flat as a pancake.The words were lacking and didn't feel genuine.
The words of comfort were flat as a pancake.The words were very comforting.
The mountain range was as a bed of spikes rising out of the ground.The mountain range was full of sharp edges.
The mountain range was as a bed of spikes rising out of the ground.The mountain range was very round.
The mountain range was as soft as hills.The mountain range was very round.
The mountain range was as soft as hills.The mountain range was full of sharp edges.
The blade was jagged as the teeth of a shark.The blade was serrated.
The blade was jagged as the teeth of a shark.The blade was very dull.
The blade was stale as brittle timber.The blade was very dull.
The blade was stale as brittle timber.The blade was serrated.
The car ride was a tornado.The car ride was horrible.
The car ride was a tornado.The car ride went by nicely.
The car ride was a dream.The car ride went by nicely.
The car ride was a dream.The car ride was horrible.
The bread was a rock.The bread was stale and hard.
The bread was a rock.The bread was fluffy.
The bread was a cloud.The bread was fluffy.
The bread was a cloud.The bread was stale and hard.
The song was a forest.The song was well written.
The song was a forest.The song was plain.
The song was a desert.The song was plain.
The song was a desert.The song was well written.
The music had the loudness of a whispering mouse.The music was soft and quiet.
The music had the loudness of a whispering mouse.The music was very loud.
The music had the loudness of a jet engine on full power.The music was very loud.
The music had the loudness of a jet engine on full power.The music was soft and quiet.
The sounds from the child were like that of a muted turtle.The child is very quiet.
The sounds from the child were like that of a muted turtle.The child is very noisy.
The sounds from the child were like that of a screaming banshee with a bullhorn.The child is very noisy.
The sounds from the child were like that of a screaming banshee with a bullhorn.The child is very quiet.
Their marriage had the permanence of a snowman in the hot sun.The marriage won't last long.
Their marriage had the permanence of a snowman in the hot sun.The marriage is solid and will last.
Their marriage had the permanence of a pyramid in egypt.The marriage is solid and will last.
Their marriage had the permanence of a pyramid in egypt.The marriage won't last long.
The classroom was a zoo.The class was very load and unruley.
The classroom was a zoo.The class was very quiet and calm.
The classroom was a graveyard.The class was very quiet and calm.
The classroom was a graveyard.The class was very load and unruley.
Maria is a chicken.Maria is a coward.
Maria is a chicken.Maria is brave.
Maria is a bear.Maria is brave.
Maria is a bear.Maria is a coward.
The river is a winding snake looking for a meal.The river has a lot of twists and turns.
The river is a winding snake looking for a meal.The river is straight now curve.
The river is a skillful shot on the target.The river is straight now curve.
The river is a skillful shot on the target.The river has a lot of twists and turns.
Being married is like a beautiful dream.Being married is very nice.
Being married is like a beautiful dream.Being married is terrible.
Being married is like a never ending nightmare.Being married is terrible.
Being married is like a never ending nightmare.Being married is very nice.
That idea is as wild as a tame cat.That idea is not wild or crazy.
That idea is as wild as a tame cat.That idea is wild and crazy.
That idea is as wild as a jungle tiger.That idea is wild and crazy.
That idea is as wild as a jungle tiger.That idea is not wild or crazy.
He is as brave as a spartan warrior.He is really brave.
He is as brave as a spartan warrior.He is a coward and runs.
He is as brave as cockroach.He is a coward and runs.
He is as brave as cockroach.He is really brave.
A laboratory is a playground for scientists.Scientific research is fun and exciting.
A laboratory is a playground for scientists.Scientific research is grueling hard work.
A laboratory is a labor camp for scientists.Scientific research is grueling hard work.
A laboratory is a labor camp for scientists.Scientific research is fun and exciting.
Politicians are the brakes of progress.Politicians never get anything meaningful done.
Politicians are the brakes of progress.Politicians make policies that improve society.
Politicians are the fuel of progress.Politicians make policies that improve society.
Politicians are the fuel of progress.Politicians never get anything meaningful done.
My mirror is a lonely place.My mirror reminds me i'm alone.
My mirror is a lonely place.My mirror reminds me to smile and be friendly.
My mirror is a friendly place.My mirror reminds me to smile and be friendly.
My mirror is a friendly place.My mirror reminds me i'm alone.
He was sad like a clown.He wasn't sad.
He was sad like a clown.He was very sad.
He was sad like a widow.He was very sad.
He was sad like a widow.He wasn't sad.
He was as smooth as silk.He was very smooth.
He was as smooth as silk.He wasn't smooth at all.
He was as smooth as bark.He wasn't smooth at all.
He was as smooth as bark.He was very smooth.
It was therapeutic like a freight train.It wasn't therapeutic.
It was therapeutic like a freight train.It was very therapeutic.
It was therapeutic like a song.It was very therapeutic.
It was therapeutic like a song.It wasn't therapeutic.
The marriage is as strong as a steel pole.The marriage is very strong.
The marriage is as strong as a steel pole.The marriage isn't very strong.
The marriage is as strong as lace.The marriage isn't very strong.
The marriage is as strong as lace.The marriage is very strong.
The man's life had as many memories as a blank journal.The man's life didn't involve any memories.
The man's life had as many memories as a blank journal.The man's life involved many memories.
The man's life had as many memories as a scrapbook.The man's life involved many memories.
The man's life had as many memories as a scrapbook.The man's life didn't involve any memories.
The girl is as protective of her brother as a bike helmet.The girl is very protective of her brother.
The girl is as protective of her brother as a bike helmet.The girl isn't very protective of her brother.
The girl is as protective of her brother as an old band-aid.The girl isn't very protective of her brother.
The girl is as protective of her brother as an old band-aid.The girl is very protective of her brother.
The bank was secure as a fortress.The bank was impenetrable.
The bank was secure as a fortress.The bank was very unsafe.
The bank was secure as a flimsy cabin.The bank was very unsafe.
The bank was secure as a flimsy cabin.The bank was impenetrable.
The revolutionary army was a paper tiger.The revolutionary army is weak.
The revolutionary army was a paper tiger.The revolutionary army is devastating.
The revolutionary army was a biblical plague.The revolutionary army is devastating.
The revolutionary army was a biblical plague.The revolutionary army is weak.
Her voice is much as the tails of heaven.Her voice is very soft and pleasant.
Her voice is much as the tails of heaven.Her voice is raspy and rough.
Her voice is much as stalactites.Her voice is raspy and rough.
Her voice is much as stalactites.Her voice is very soft and pleasant.
The teacher's breath smells like a rotting corpse.The teacher's breath smells terrible.
The teacher's breath smells like a rotting corpse.The teacher's breath smells sweet.
The teacher's breath smells like a bouquet of roses.The teacher's breath smells sweet.
The teacher's breath smells like a bouquet of roses.The teacher's breath smells terrible.
Her music sounds like a jackhammer.The music is disturbing.
Her music sounds like a jackhammer.The music is pleasant.
Her music sounds like a choir of angels.The music is pleasant.
Her music sounds like a choir of angels.The music is disturbing.
The mattress feels like a cloud.The mattress is comfortable.
The mattress feels like a cloud.The mattress is uncomfortable.
The mattress feels like a bag of rocks.The mattress is uncomfortable.
The mattress feels like a bag of rocks.The mattress is comfortable.
The politician has the intelligence of a box of hair.The politician is dumb.
The politician has the intelligence of a box of hair.The politician is intelligent.
The politician has the intelligence of a scholar.The politician is intelligent.
The politician has the intelligence of a scholar.The politician is dumb.
The hotel had a view as beautiful as the back alley of a harware  store.The hotel had a bad view.
The hotel had a view as beautiful as the back alley of a harware  store.The hotel had a good view.
The hotel had a view as beautiful as the paris skyline.The hotel had a good view.
The hotel had a view as beautiful as the paris skyline.The hotel had a bad view.
The apartment had all the space of a match box.The apartment is small.
The apartment had all the space of a match box.The apartment is spacious.
The apartment had all the space of a football field.The apartment is spacious.
The apartment had all the space of a football field.The apartment is small.
The tv show was as diverse as a republican convention.The tv show wasn't diverse.
The tv show was as diverse as a republican convention.The tv show was diverse.
The tv show was as diverse as a democratic convention.The tv show was diverse.
The tv show was as diverse as a democratic convention.The tv show wasn't diverse.
The dress was a short as a little person.The dress was short.
The dress was a short as a little person.The dress was tall.
The dress was a short as an nba player.The dress was tall.
The dress was a short as an nba player.The dress was short.
The man was sneaky as a fox.The man was sneaky.
The man was sneaky as a fox.The man wasn't sneaky.
The man was sneaky as an elephant.The man wasn't sneaky.
The man was sneaky as an elephant.The man was sneaky.
The blanket has the warmth of an oven.The blanket is warm.
The blanket has the warmth of an oven.The blanket is cold.
The blanket has the warmth of an icebox.The blanket is cold.
The blanket has the warmth of an icebox.The blanket is warm.
The child has the height of a mountain.The child is tall.
The child has the height of a mountain.The child is short.
The child has the height of an ant hill.The child is short.
The child has the height of an ant hill.The child is tall.
The car has the speed of a cheetah.The car is fast.
The car has the speed of a cheetah.The car is slow.
The car has the speed of a tortoise.The car is slow.
The car has the speed of a tortoise.The car is fast.
The neighborhood was as quiet as an avalanche.The neighborhood was loud.
The neighborhood was as quiet as an avalanche.The neighborhood was quiet.
The neighborhood was as quiet as the dead of night.The neighborhood was quiet.
The neighborhood was as quiet as the dead of night.The neighborhood was loud.
The lamp was as bright as truck headlights.The lamp was bright.
The lamp was as bright as truck headlights.The lamp was dim.
The lamp was as bright as a cloudy sky.The lamp was dim.
The lamp was as bright as a cloudy sky.The lamp was bright.
The dog was as scary as a horror monster.The dog looked scary.
The dog was as scary as a horror monster.The dog looked tame.
The dog was as scary as a balloon animal.The dog looked tame.
The dog was as scary as a balloon animal.The dog looked scary.
That movie was a marathon.That movie was very long.
That movie was a marathon.That movie was very short.
That movie was a sprint.That movie was very short.
That movie was a sprint.That movie was very long.
That game was a squeaker.That game was very close.
That game was a squeaker.That game wasn't even close.
That game was a blowout.That game wasn't even close.
That game was a blowout.That game was very close.
That skirt is a curtain.That skirt is very long.
That skirt is a curtain.That skirt is very short.
That skirt is a belt.That skirt is very short.
That skirt is a belt.That skirt is very long.
The woman's tongue is a chainsaw.Everything the woman says is very cutting.
The woman's tongue is a chainsaw.Everything the woman says is kind.
The woman's tongue is a lollipop.Everything the woman says is kind.
The woman's tongue is a lollipop.Everything the woman says is very cutting.
The toddler is a jack in the box.The toddler has a lot of energy.
The toddler is a jack in the box.The toddler doesn't have much energy.
The toddler is a sunday nap.The toddler doesn't have much energy.
The toddler is a sunday nap.The toddler has a lot of energy.
The man's outfit is as unique as boiled pork belly with spicy garlic dressing.The man's outfit is very unique.
The man's outfit is as unique as boiled pork belly with spicy garlic dressing.The man's outfit is unoriginal.
The man's outfit is as unique as a peanut butter sandwich.The man's outfit is unoriginal.
The man's outfit is as unique as a peanut butter sandwich.The man's outfit is very unique.
To his friend, his mind was like an encyclopedia on two feet.His mind was very remembering and knowledgeable.
To his friend, his mind was like an encyclopedia on two feet.His mind was dead and empty.
To his friend, his mind was like a nuclear wasteland.His mind was dead and empty.
To his friend, his mind was like a nuclear wasteland.His mind was very remembering and knowledgeable.
To him the lady's heart was like a freezing cold snowy day.The lady's heart was cruel and unfeeling.
To him the lady's heart was like a freezing cold snowy day.The lady's heart was soft when you get past the hard shell.
To him the lady's heart was like a hard shell and a soft center.The lady's heart was soft when you get past the hard shell.
To him the lady's heart was like a hard shell and a soft center.The lady's heart was cruel and unfeeling.
When he smiled and showed his teeth, they were like jimmy carter's liver pills.His teeth were in abundance.
When he smiled and showed his teeth, they were like jimmy carter's liver pills.His teeth were unaligned and misshapen.
When he smiled and showed his teeth, they were like a warped piano keyboard.His teeth were unaligned and misshapen.
When he smiled and showed his teeth, they were like a warped piano keyboard.His teeth were in abundance.
The tire was as round as a basketball.The tire was round.
The tire was as round as a basketball.The tire was flat.
The tire was as round as a pillow.The tire was flat.
The tire was as round as a pillow.The tire was round.
The store was as busy as a country road.The store was empty.
The store was as busy as a country road.The store was full of people.
The store was as busy as a city sidewalk.The store was full of people.
The store was as busy as a city sidewalk.The store was empty.
The cat was as white as winter snow.The cat was white.
The cat was as white as winter snow.The cat was black.
The cat was as white as charcoal.The cat was black.
The cat was as white as charcoal.The cat was white.
A saved as much as a beggar.A saved nothing.
A saved as much as a beggar.A saved a great deal.
A saved as much as jeff bezos.A saved a great deal.
A saved as much as jeff bezos.A saved nothing.
My blind date looked like a cow's behind.My blind date looked ugly.
My blind date looked like a cow's behind.My blind date looked pretty.
My blind date looked like a beauty queen.My blind date looked pretty.
My blind date looked like a beauty queen.My blind date looked ugly.
The portions were as big as a pimple.The portions were small.
The portions were as big as a pimple.The portions were large.
The portions were as big as the great northwest.The portions were large.
The portions were as big as the great northwest.The portions were small.
This bargain's as affordable as peanuts.This bargain's affordable.
This bargain's as affordable as peanuts.This bargain's expensive.
This bargain's as affordable as the moon.This bargain's expensive.
This bargain's as affordable as the moon.This bargain's affordable.
My kid's as well-behaved as an honor student.My kid's well behaved.
My kid's as well-behaved as an honor student.My kid's poorly behaved.
My kid's as well-behaved as a career criminal.My kid's poorly behaved.
My kid's as well-behaved as a career criminal.My kid's well behaved.
My vision is as clear as glass.My vision is clear.
My vision is as clear as glass.My vision is obscured and not clear.
My vision is as clear as stained glass.My vision is obscured and not clear.
My vision is as clear as stained glass.My vision is clear.
Your uncle larry is as creepy as a pervert.Larry is very creepy.
Your uncle larry is as creepy as a pervert.Larry is not creepy.
Your uncle larry is as creepy as betty white.Larry is not creepy.
Your uncle larry is as creepy as betty white.Larry is very creepy.
That car was about as big of a bargain as a 10 dollar hooker.The car was a great deal.
That car was about as big of a bargain as a 10 dollar hooker.The car was overpriced.
That car was about as big of a bargain as a 200 dollar haircut.The car was overpriced.
That car was about as big of a bargain as a 200 dollar haircut.The car was a great deal.
This movie was as interesting as watching paint dry.The movie was not interesting.
This movie was as interesting as watching paint dry.The movie was captivating.
This movie was as interesting as the big bang itself.The movie was captivating.
This movie was as interesting as the big bang itself.The movie was not interesting.
The salesman has the trustworthiness of an anti-smoking study conducted by tobacco companies.The salesman was not trustworthy.
The salesman has the trustworthiness of an anti-smoking study conducted by tobacco companies.The salesman was trustworthy.
The salesman has the trustworthiness of abraham lincoln mixed with george washington.The salesman was trustworthy.
The salesman has the trustworthiness of abraham lincoln mixed with george washington.The salesman was not trustworthy.
The sampoo had the cleaning strength of a tide pod mixed with a bottle of oxiclean.The shampoo had a lot of cleaning strength.
The sampoo had the cleaning strength of a tide pod mixed with a bottle of oxiclean.The shampoo didn't have much cleaning strength.
The sampoo had the cleaning strength of a muddy, polluted river.The shampoo didn't have much cleaning strength.
The sampoo had the cleaning strength of a muddy, polluted river.The shampoo had a lot of cleaning strength.
The drink was as sweet as the spill eaten by a colony of sugar ants.The drink was sweet.
The drink was as sweet as the spill eaten by a colony of sugar ants.The drink wasn't sweet.
The drink was as sweet as a clam fresh from the bottom of the sea.The drink wasn't sweet.
The drink was as sweet as a clam fresh from the bottom of the sea.The drink was sweet.
He jumped like a kangaroo.He jumped high.
He jumped like a kangaroo.He didn't jump at all.
He jumped like a hippo.He didn't jump at all.
He jumped like a hippo.He jumped high.
He growled like a lion.He had a loud growl.
He growled like a lion.He had a quiet growl.
He growled like a house cat.He had a quiet growl.
He growled like a house cat.He had a loud growl.
He was protective like a wasp.He was very protective.
He was protective like a wasp.He wasn't protective at all.
He was protective like a lady bug.He wasn't protective at all.
He was protective like a lady bug.He was very protective.
That bargain was a nail in the foot.That bargain was bad, nobody wants that.
That bargain was a nail in the foot.That bargain was a great deal.
That bargain was like finding treasure.That bargain was a great deal.
That bargain was like finding treasure.That bargain was bad, nobody wants that.
My relative is like the cool rich uncle.My relative is the nice guy everybody wants to be around.
My relative is like the cool rich uncle.My relative is a pest nobody wants around.
My relative is like a cockroach.My relative is a pest nobody wants around.
My relative is like a cockroach.My relative is the nice guy everybody wants to be around.
We us electricity like las vegas.We use a lot of electricity.
We us electricity like las vegas.We do not use electricity.
We us electricity like an amish man.We do not use electricity.
We us electricity like an amish man.We use a lot of electricity.
Her touch was like electricity.Her touch is exciting.
Her touch was like electricity.Her touch feels sad.
Her touch was like depression.Her touch feels sad.
Her touch was like depression.Her touch is exciting.
The air was sweet as cotton candy.The air smelled good.
The air was sweet as cotton candy.The air smelled bad.
The air was sweet as vomit.The air smelled bad.
The air was sweet as vomit.The air smelled good.
My girl friend is as tactful as a sledge hammer.My girl friend has no tact.
My girl friend is as tactful as a sledge hammer.My girlfriend has a lot of tact.
My girl friend is as tactful as a diplomat.My girlfriend has a lot of tact.
My girl friend is as tactful as a diplomat.My girl friend has no tact.
The insects work together like the offensive line for the green bay packers.They move as unit to accomplish the shared goal.
The insects work together like the offensive line for the green bay packers.They interfere with each other.
The insects work together like two siblings fighting for their mother's attention.They interfere with each other.
The insects work together like two siblings fighting for their mother's attention.They move as unit to accomplish the shared goal.
The goal was as near as jupiter.The goal was quite far away.
The goal was as near as jupiter.The goal was adjacent.
The goal was as near as nextdoor neighbors.The goal was adjacent.
The goal was as near as nextdoor neighbors.The goal was quite far away.
The girl is unknown as the bottom of the ocean.Not much is known about the girl.
The girl is unknown as the bottom of the ocean.There are indicators about her but the outcome is far from certain.
The girl is unknown as the future of our climate.There are indicators about her but the outcome is far from certain.
The girl is unknown as the future of our climate.Not much is known about the girl.
Baby walks is snail.Baby walks fast.
Baby walks is snail.Baby walks speed.
Baby walks is turtle.Baby walks speed.
Baby walks is turtle.Baby walks fast.
Her word is thorn.Her word is smooth.
Her word is thorn.Her word is soft.
Her word is needle.Her word is soft.
Her word is needle.Her word is smooth.
Snow is white carpet.Snow is melted.
Snow is white carpet.Snow is evoporate.
Snow is milk.Snow is evoporate.
Snow is milk.Snow is melted.
Her face was a storm clould.She was scowling.
Her face was a storm clould.She was smiling.
Her face was a sun beam.She was smiling.
Her face was a sun beam.She was scowling.
The movie was as thrilling as a sermon.The movie was boring.
The movie was as thrilling as a sermon.The movie was exciting.
The movie was as thrilling as a car chase.The movie was exciting.
The movie was as thrilling as a car chase.The movie was boring.
Her hair was a rat's nest.Her hair was tangled.
Her hair was a rat's nest.Her hair was blonde.
Her hair was golden wheat.Her hair was blonde.
Her hair was golden wheat.Her hair was tangled.
He is hungry as a bear.He is really hungry.
He is hungry as a bear.He is not too hungry.
He is hungry as a mouse.He is not too hungry.
He is hungry as a mouse.He is really hungry.
He is as tall as a skyskraper.He is very tall.
He is as tall as a skyskraper.He is very short.
He is as tall as a grain of rice.He is very short.
He is as tall as a grain of rice.He is very tall.
The play was as dull as a spoon.The play was boring.
The play was as dull as a spoon.The play was thrilling.
The play was as dull as a knife.The play was thrilling.
The play was as dull as a knife.The play was boring.
These streets are open sewers.The streets are filthy.
These streets are open sewers.The streets are well taken care of.
These streets are immaculate passages.The streets are well taken care of.
These streets are immaculate passages.The streets are filthy.
The construction worker is more of a bomber.The construction worker is destructive.
The construction worker is more of a bomber.The construction worker is careful.
The construction worker is earnest as a maiden.The construction worker is careful.
The construction worker is earnest as a maiden.The construction worker is destructive.
That politician is is no different than a rodent.The politician is corrupt.
That politician is is no different than a rodent.The politician is trustworthy.
That politician is much like a dove.The politician is trustworthy.
That politician is much like a dove.The politician is corrupt.
Love is not smaller love is not smaller.Love is not smaller.
Love is not smaller love is not smaller.Love is not smaller.
Love is not smaller love is not smaller.Love is not smaller.
Love is not smaller love is not smaller.Love is not smaller.
The inspector at the car lot was as thorough as election officials.The inspector found everything.
The inspector at the car lot was as thorough as election officials.The inspector missed something.
The inspector at the car lot was as thorough as a high school senior late for class.The inspector missed something.
The inspector at the car lot was as thorough as a high school senior late for class.The inspector found everything.
The neighbors house was as close as your ring finger and your pinky on your left hand.The houses were close together.
The neighbors house was as close as your ring finger and your pinky on your left hand.There was a lot of space between the houses.
The neighbors house was as close as your left ring finger and your pinky toe.There was a lot of space between the houses.
The neighbors house was as close as your left ring finger and your pinky toe.The houses were close together.
The end of the movie was as unknown to the man as his unborn son's future career.The man had no idea how the movie would end.
The end of the movie was as unknown to the man as his unborn son's future career.The movie was predictable.
The end of the movie was as unknown to the man as his lunch for work tomorrow.The movie was predictable.
The end of the movie was as unknown to the man as his lunch for work tomorrow.The man had no idea how the movie would end.
This mouthwash has the strength of thor's hammer crushing his enemies.The mouthwash is really spicy and good at killing germs.
This mouthwash has the strength of thor's hammer crushing his enemies.The mouthwash doesn't work well at killing germs and isn't spicy.
This mouthwash has the strength of a bug trying to kill a car.The mouthwash doesn't work well at killing germs and isn't spicy.
This mouthwash has the strength of a bug trying to kill a car.The mouthwash is really spicy and good at killing germs.
The bee sting pain rating was a dinosaur dying from getting its tail crushed.The bee sting was agonizing.
The bee sting pain rating was a dinosaur dying from getting its tail crushed.The bee sting barely even hurt.
The bee sting pain rating was trying to kill an elephant by throwing bread at its face.The bee sting barely even hurt.
The bee sting pain rating was trying to kill an elephant by throwing bread at its face.The bee sting was agonizing.
The bedtime story had the fables to put an angry sasquatch with insomnia to sleep.The bedtime story could put you to sleep easily.
The bedtime story had the fables to put an angry sasquatch with insomnia to sleep.The bedtime story didn't help putting someone to sleep.
The bedtime story had the fables to keep a crazy wasp awake for days.The bedtime story didn't help putting someone to sleep.
The bedtime story had the fables to keep a crazy wasp awake for days.The bedtime story could put you to sleep easily.
The cicadas were as loud as a whisper.The cicadas were not loud.
The cicadas were as loud as a whisper.The cicadas were loud.
The cicadas were as loud as a banshee.The cicadas were loud.
The cicadas were as loud as a banshee.The cicadas were not loud.
The comet came as near as the dentures in your mouth.The comet came near.
The comet came as near as the dentures in your mouth.The comet did not come near.
The comet came as near as alpha centauri.The comet did not come near.
The comet came as near as alpha centauri.The comet came near.
The formula was as well-known as the eleventh president of zambia.The formula was not well-known.
The formula was as well-known as the eleventh president of zambia.The formula was well-known.
The formula was as well-known as which way is up.The formula was well-known.
The formula was as well-known as which way is up.The formula was not well-known.
The dress was as lovely as a summer walk.It was beautiful.
The dress was as lovely as a summer walk.It was ugly.
The dress was as lovely as a winter storm.It was ugly.
The dress was as lovely as a winter storm.It was beautiful.
The hospital was as clean as a school with no kids.It was neat.
The hospital was as clean as a school with no kids.It was dirty.
The hospital was as clean as a bus full of homeless people.It was dirty.
The hospital was as clean as a bus full of homeless people.It was neat.
The seatbelt was as rusty as a ship that sat there for years.It was full of rust.
The seatbelt was as rusty as a ship that sat there for years.It was like new.
The seatbelt was as rusty as a new tool set.It was like new.
The seatbelt was as rusty as a new tool set.It was full of rust.
This car is as fast as a fox with its tail on fire.The car is very fast.
This car is as fast as a fox with its tail on fire.The car is very slow.
This car is as fast as a clogged toilet drains.The car is very slow.
This car is as fast as a clogged toilet drains.The car is very fast.
The pepper is hot as my graphics card while crypto mining.The pepper is very hot.
The pepper is hot as my graphics card while crypto mining.The pepper is mild.
The pepper is hot as my feet on a winter morning.The pepper is mild.
The pepper is hot as my feet on a winter morning.The pepper is very hot.
My children have the attention span of a goldfish.My children have a low attention span.
My children have the attention span of a goldfish.My children have a high attention span.
My children have the attention span of the queens guard.My children have a high attention span.
My children have the attention span of the queens guard.My children have a low attention span.
He has the warmth of a snowball.He is cold.
He has the warmth of a snowball.He is warm.
He has the warmth of a raging fire.He is warm.
He has the warmth of a raging fire.He is cold.
He is as flexible as a snail.He is not agile.
He is as flexible as a snail.He is agile.
He is as flexible as a monkey.He is agile.
He is as flexible as a monkey.He is not agile.
It is as funny as a wet noodle.It is not amusing.
It is as funny as a wet noodle.It is amusing.
It is as funny as slipping on a banana peel.It is amusing.
It is as funny as slipping on a banana peel.It is not amusing.
This conversation flowed like a smooth cascade.The conversation went well.
This conversation flowed like a smooth cascade.The conversation was heated.
This conversation flowed like a vicious tide.The conversation was heated.
This conversation flowed like a vicious tide.The conversation went well.
After being fixed the chair is as a monolith again.The chair is as good as new or better.
After being fixed the chair is as a monolith again.The chair is brittle.
After being fixed the chair has been reduced to a snowflake.The chair is brittle.
After being fixed the chair has been reduced to a snowflake.The chair is as good as new or better.
These shoes are a sponge.The shoes soak up a lot of water.
These shoes are a sponge.The shoes are airtight as a plane.
These shoes are like a plane.The shoes are airtight as a plane.
These shoes are like a plane.The shoes soak up a lot of water.
This conversation has the interest of watching wallpaper dry.This conversation is boring.
This conversation has the interest of watching wallpaper dry.This conversation is really interesting and engaging.
This conversation has the interest of a thousand hearts landing in my arms.This conversation is really interesting and engaging.
This conversation has the interest of a thousand hearts landing in my arms.This conversation is boring.
Those flowers have the beauty of a million unicorns with rainbows in every direction.Those flowers are really gorgeous.
Those flowers have the beauty of a million unicorns with rainbows in every direction.Those flowers are really ugly.
Those flowers have the beauty of a dying hyena.Those flowers are really ugly.
Those flowers have the beauty of a dying hyena.Those flowers are really gorgeous.
This drink has the flavor of a million sugar cubes stroking my brain.This drink tastes good.
This drink has the flavor of a million sugar cubes stroking my brain.This drink tastes horrible.
This drink has the flavor of a cheese grater cutting my tongue.This drink tastes horrible.
This drink has the flavor of a cheese grater cutting my tongue.This drink tastes good.
That was about as cold as dry ice.That was really, very cold.
That was about as cold as dry ice.That was not at all cold.
That was about as cold as a fireball.That was not at all cold.
That was about as cold as a fireball.That was really, very cold.
That sounds as good as a blown speaker.That sounds aweful.
That sounds as good as a blown speaker.That sounds great.
That sounds as good as ice cream on a hot day.That sounds great.
That sounds as good as ice cream on a hot day.That sounds aweful.
The crowd has as much energy as a 3 year old.The crowd is very energetic.
The crowd has as much energy as a 3 year old.The crowd does not have much energy at all.
The crowd has as much energy as an old man.The crowd does not have much energy at all.
The crowd has as much energy as an old man.The crowd is very energetic.
The woman has the personality of a bottle of shaken coca cola.The woman has a very bold personality.
The woman has the personality of a bottle of shaken coca cola.The woman has a very plain personality.
The woman has the personality of a glass of milk.The woman has a very plain personality.
The woman has the personality of a glass of milk.The woman has a very bold personality.
The essay instructions are as straightforward as apple's terms and conditions.The essay instructions are unclear.
The essay instructions are as straightforward as apple's terms and conditions.The essay instructions are straightforward.
The essay instructions are as straightforward as a child's book.The essay instructions are straightforward.
The essay instructions are as straightforward as a child's book.The essay instructions are unclear.
The agreement between the friends is as formal as a merger agreement.The agreement between the friends is very formal.
The agreement between the friends is as formal as a merger agreement.The agreement between the friends is very informal.
The agreement between the friends is as formal as a scribbled out post-it note.The agreement between the friends is very informal.
The agreement between the friends is as formal as a scribbled out post-it note.The agreement between the friends is very formal.
Conversation was as enthralling as watching a boxing match.The conversation was very engrossing.
Conversation was as enthralling as watching a boxing match.Conversation was boring people to sleep.
Conversation was as enthralling as watching a pta debate.Conversation was boring people to sleep.
Conversation was as enthralling as watching a pta debate.The conversation was very engrossing.
The new flavored olive oil made her think of being in tuscany.The olive oil was very authentic.
The new flavored olive oil made her think of being in tuscany.The olive oil seemed counterfeit.
The new flavored olive oil made her think of being in new jersey.The olive oil seemed counterfeit.
The new flavored olive oil made her think of being in new jersey.The olive oil was very authentic.
Being late to the meeting made the woman feel like being on stage performing.She felt like she was the center of attention.
Being late to the meeting made the woman feel like being on stage performing.She felt like she was in trouble.
Being late to the meeting made the woman feel like being sent to the principal's office.She felt like she was in trouble.
Being late to the meeting made the woman feel like being sent to the principal's office.She felt like she was the center of attention.
The concert was as loud as a gaudy t-shirt design.The concert was very loud.
The concert was as loud as a gaudy t-shirt design.The concert was not very loud.
The concert was as loud as insulating foam.The concert was not very loud.
The concert was as loud as insulating foam.The concert was very loud.
The pillow was as soft as a rich pacifist.The pillow was very soft.
The pillow was as soft as a rich pacifist.The pillow wasn't soft.
The pillow was as soft as a hardened soldier.The pillow wasn't soft.
The pillow was as soft as a hardened soldier.The pillow was very soft.
The rope was as long as the lord of the rings movie trilogy.The rope was very long.
The rope was as long as the lord of the rings movie trilogy.The rope wasn't very long.
The rope was as long as a youtube advertisement.The rope wasn't very long.
The rope was as long as a youtube advertisement.The rope was very long.
That turkey has the texture of a tire.The turkey is very tough to eat and chew.
That turkey has the texture of a tire.The turkey is easy to chew and eat.
That turkey has the texture of a butter.The turkey is easy to chew and eat.
That turkey has the texture of a butter.The turkey is very tough to eat and chew.
The street has the friendliness of a rabid squirrel.The street is very unfriendly.
The street has the friendliness of a rabid squirrel.The street is very friendly.
The street has the friendliness of mister rogers.The street is very friendly.
The street has the friendliness of mister rogers.The street is very unfriendly.
The baby has the balance of a trapeze artist.The baby is very balanced.
The baby has the balance of a trapeze artist.The baby is very unbalanced.
The baby has the balance of a drunk.The baby is very unbalanced.
The baby has the balance of a drunk.The baby is very balanced.
My teeth have the integrity of carbon steel.My teeth are very strong.
My teeth have the integrity of carbon steel.My teeth lack integrity.
My teeth have the integrity of used car dealer.My teeth lack integrity.
My teeth have the integrity of used car dealer.My teeth are very strong.
The music was as soothing as a warm hug.The music was greatly soothing.
The music was as soothing as a warm hug.The music was loud and disturbing.
The music was as soothing as a air raid siren.The music was loud and disturbing.
The music was as soothing as a air raid siren.The music was greatly soothing.
The book was as interesting as a solid white room.The book is bland and boring.
The book was as interesting as a solid white room.The book is interesting.
The book was as interesting as a newly found treasure chest.The book is interesting.
The book was as interesting as a newly found treasure chest.The book is bland and boring.
The shirt was as pretty as a plain blue tarp.The shirt was not pretty at all.
The shirt was as pretty as a plain blue tarp.The shirt was beautiful.
The shirt was as pretty as a field of blooming tulips.The shirt was beautiful.
The shirt was as pretty as a field of blooming tulips.The shirt was not pretty at all.
This trip has been worst than my dentist appointment.This trip has been terrible.
This trip has been worst than my dentist appointment.The trip has been amazing.
This trip has been like snow on christmas.The trip has been amazing.
This trip has been like snow on christmas.This trip has been terrible.
The display was as clear as crystal.The display was clear.
The display was as clear as crystal.The display was distorted.
The display was as clear as shattered crystal.The display was distorted.
The display was as clear as shattered crystal.The display was clear.
The pie was as sweet as sugar.The pie was sweet.
The pie was as sweet as sugar.The pie was not sweet.
The pie was as sweet as vinegar.The pie was not sweet.
The pie was as sweet as vinegar.The pie was sweet.
I'm as threatening as a monster.I'm threatening.
I'm as threatening as a monster.I'm nonthreatening.
I'm as threatening as a milkman.I'm nonthreatening.
I'm as threatening as a milkman.I'm threatening.
The display was as clear as a cataract.The display was not clear.
The display was as clear as a cataract.The display was clear.
The display was as clear as crystal.The display was clear.
The display was as clear as crystal.The display was not clear.
The tub finish looked like a bad case of acne.The tub finish looked  bad.
The tub finish looked like a bad case of acne.The tub finish looked nice.
The tub finish looked like polished glass.The tub finish looked nice.
The tub finish looked like polished glass.The tub finish looked  bad.
The illusion was as good as a 12-pixel gif.The illusion was bad.
The illusion was as good as a 12-pixel gif.The illusion was good.
The illusion was as good as a uhd tv.The illusion was good.
The illusion was as good as a uhd tv.The illusion was bad.
The display had all the detail of the birth of venus.The display had a lot of detail.
The display had all the detail of the birth of venus.The display was not detailed.
The display had all the detail of a child's crayon drawing.The display was not detailed.
The display had all the detail of a child's crayon drawing.The display had a lot of detail.
The computer was as high-tech as laserdisc in 1978.The computer was high-tech.
The computer was as high-tech as laserdisc in 1978.The computer was outdated.
The computer was as high-tech as laserdisc in 1998.The computer was outdated.
The computer was as high-tech as laserdisc in 1998.The computer was high-tech.
The new video game is as fun  as going to disney world.The new video game is so much fun.
The new video game is as fun  as going to disney world.The new video game is highly worth avoiding.
The new video game is as fun  as digging ditches in the hot sun.The new video game is highly worth avoiding.
The new video game is as fun  as digging ditches in the hot sun.The new video game is so much fun.
The television show is as interesting as a cucumber.The television show is boring.
The television show is as interesting as a cucumber.The television show is exciting.
The television show is as interesting as a lost treasure.The television show is exciting.
The television show is as interesting as a lost treasure.The television show is boring.
The new ipad is as good as a stick.The new ipad stinks.
The new ipad is as good as a stick.The new ipad is worth every penny.
The new ipad is as good as gold.The new ipad is worth every penny.
The new ipad is as good as gold.The new ipad stinks.
Her head has the capacity of a thimble.She is not capable of much intelligence.
Her head has the capacity of a thimble.She is capable of deep, critical thinking.
Her head has the capacity of a universe.She is capable of deep, critical thinking.
Her head has the capacity of a universe.She is not capable of much intelligence.
The jacket has the appeal of a swarm of bees.The jacket is unappealing.
The jacket has the appeal of a swarm of bees.The jacket is very appealing.
The jacket has the appeal of a cozy winter's night.The jacket is very appealing.
The jacket has the appeal of a cozy winter's night.The jacket is unappealing.
The computer is as fast as a sick snail.The computer is slow.
The computer is as fast as a sick snail.The computer is fast.
The computer is as fast as a hungry cheetah.The computer is fast.
The computer is as fast as a hungry cheetah.The computer is slow.
His head was as smooth as a pebble.His head was smooth.
His head was as smooth as a pebble.His head was lumpy.
His head was as smooth as porridge.His head was lumpy.
His head was as smooth as porridge.His head was smooth.
The painting was as permanent as the wind.The painting was temporary.
The painting was as permanent as the wind.The painting was long lasting.
The painting was as permanent as granite.The painting was long lasting.
The painting was as permanent as granite.The painting was temporary.
She had the grace of a ballerina.She was graceful.
She had the grace of a ballerina.She was clumsy.
She had the grace of a toad.She was clumsy.
She had the grace of a toad.She was graceful.
The hair color was as permanent as a passing thought.The hair color was not permanent.
The hair color was as permanent as a passing thought.The hair color was permanent.
The hair color was as permanent as a marble monument.The hair color was permanent.
The hair color was as permanent as a marble monument.The hair color was not permanent.
The rules were as complicated as one plus one is two.The rules were not complicated.
The rules were as complicated as one plus one is two.The rules were complicated.
The rules were as complicated as a rubik cube.The rules were complicated.
The rules were as complicated as a rubik cube.The rules were not complicated.
Her head was as big as a beach ball.Her head was big.
Her head was as big as a beach ball.Her head was not big.
Her head was as big as a hamster's.Her head was not big.
Her head was as big as a hamster's.Her head was big.
Her boyfriend was a romantic as a john keats poem.Her boyfriend was sincere and romantic.
Her boyfriend was a romantic as a john keats poem.Her boyfriend was cynical and not romantic.
Her boyfriend was a romantic as schopenhauer.Her boyfriend was cynical and not romantic.
Her boyfriend was a romantic as schopenhauer.Her boyfriend was sincere and romantic.
The coach's behavior was as stable as francium.The coach's behavior was unsteady.
The coach's behavior was as stable as francium.The coach's behavior was steady and stable.
The coach's behavior was as stable as a noble gas.The coach's behavior was steady and stable.
The coach's behavior was as stable as a noble gas.The coach's behavior was unsteady.
His approach to the group was as gracious as the dali lama.His approach was open-hearted and full of grace.
His approach to the group was as gracious as the dali lama.His approach was closed off and legalistic.
His approach to the group was as gracious as a religious cult leader.His approach was closed off and legalistic.
His approach to the group was as gracious as a religious cult leader.His approach was open-hearted and full of grace.
The color of her future son's hair was a certain as the color of her husband's hair.She was fairly sure she knew what color her son's hair would be.
The color of her future son's hair was a certain as the color of her husband's hair.She had no clue what color the son's hair would be.
The color of her future son's hair was a certain as the color of the man's hair she had yet to meet to have the kid with.She had no clue what color the son's hair would be.
The color of her future son's hair was a certain as the color of the man's hair she had yet to meet to have the kid with.She was fairly sure she knew what color her son's hair would be.
The marker stain on her shirt was as permanent as the tattoo on her ankle.The mark was permanent.
The marker stain on her shirt was as permanent as the tattoo on her ankle.The mark could be wiped off.
The marker stain on her shirt was as permanent as the scuff mark on her car door.The mark could be wiped off.
The marker stain on her shirt was as permanent as the scuff mark on her car door.The mark was permanent.
The man bet as much on the game as he paid for his mortgage.The man was a heavy better.
The man bet as much on the game as he paid for his mortgage.The man only dabbled in betting.
The man bet as much on the game as he paid for his morning cup of coffee.The man only dabbled in betting.
The man bet as much on the game as he paid for his morning cup of coffee.The man was a heavy better.
This place is as permanent as the earth itself.This place will last forever.
This place is as permanent as the earth itself.This place will not last long.
This place is as permanent as a sand castle.This place will not last long.
This place is as permanent as a sand castle.This place will last forever.
My head's as handsome as a renaissance painting.My head's handsome.
My head's as handsome as a renaissance painting.My head's ugly.
My head's as handsome as a monster mask.My head's ugly.
My head's as handsome as a monster mask.My head's handsome.
That runner is a cheetah.That runner is fast.
That runner is a cheetah.That runner is slow.
That runner is a tortoise.That runner is slow.
That runner is a tortoise.That runner is fast.
That sweater is a puppy dog.That sweater is soft and cuddly.
That sweater is a puppy dog.That sweater is rough and itchy.
That sweater is a haystack.That sweater is rough and itchy.
That sweater is a haystack.That sweater is soft and cuddly.
The dinner was as tasty as mush.The dinner was tasteless.
The dinner was as tasty as mush.The dinner was delicious.
The dinner was as tasty as mama's home cooking.The dinner was delicious.
The dinner was as tasty as mama's home cooking.The dinner was tasteless.
The babysitter was as mature as her charge.The sitter was not competent.
The babysitter was as mature as her charge.The sitter was competent.
The babysitter was as mature as mary poppins.The sitter was competent.
The babysitter was as mature as mary poppins.The sitter was not competent.
The tv star was as personable as a cardboard cutout.The tv star had no personality.
The tv star was as personable as a cardboard cutout.The tv star was charming.
The tv star was as personable as a long lost friend.The tv star was charming.
The tv star was as personable as a long lost friend.The tv star had no personality.
She's a kid's game.She's manipulatable.
She's a kid's game.She's unmanipulable.
She's a round of jeopardy.She's unmanipulable.
She's a round of jeopardy.She's manipulatable.
He is a pile of smashed pottery.He's weak.
He is a pile of smashed pottery.He's strong.
He is a pile of bricks.He's strong.
He is a pile of bricks.He's weak.
The mansion is a rotting whale.The mansion is dilapidated.
The mansion is a rotting whale.The mansion is well-maintained.
The mansion is a lion's den.The mansion is well-maintained.
The mansion is a lion's den.The mansion is dilapidated.
The door was closed as tight as a drumhead.The door was closed tighly.
The door was closed as tight as a drumhead.The door was not closed tightly.
The door was closed as tight as a refrigerator without a door.The door was not closed tightly.
The door was closed as tight as a refrigerator without a door.The door was closed tighly.
The plot had the structure of demolished building.The plot had no structure.
The plot had the structure of demolished building.The plot had great structure.
The plot had the structure of a manolo blahnik dress pump.The plot had great structure.
The plot had the structure of a manolo blahnik dress pump.The plot had no structure.
He had the morality of a pickpocket.He had no morality.
He had the morality of a pickpocket.He had strict morality.
He had the morality of the bishop of canterbury.He had strict morality.
He had the morality of the bishop of canterbury.He had no morality.
The log was a humpback whale.The log was large.
The log was a humpback whale.The log was small.
The log was a betta fish.The log was small.
The log was a betta fish.The log was large.
The nachos were a fort knox.The nachos were big and full.
The nachos were a fort knox.The nachos were small and measly.
The nachos were an empty shack.The nachos were small and measly.
The nachos were an empty shack.The nachos were big and full.
The star had the largeness of a galaxy.The star was big.
The star had the largeness of a galaxy.The star was small.
The star had the largeness of a pebble.The star was small.
The star had the largeness of a pebble.The star was big.
He was smart like a teacher.He was very smart.
He was smart like a teacher.He wasn't very smart at all.
He was smart like a dropout.He wasn't very smart at all.
He was smart like a dropout.He was very smart.
He was as honest as a lawyer.He wasn't very honest.
He was as honest as a lawyer.He was very honest.
He was as honest as a preacher.He was very honest.
He was as honest as a preacher.He wasn't very honest.
Her eyes were as dark as black olives.Her eyes were deep and black.
Her eyes were as dark as black olives.Her eyes were light.
Her eyes were as dark as a midday sky.Her eyes were light.
Her eyes were as dark as a midday sky.Her eyes were deep and black.
The dog was as shaggy as howard stern's hair.The dog was hairy and unkempt.
The dog was as shaggy as howard stern's hair.The dog was trimmed and neat.
The dog was as shaggy as a buzz cut.The dog was trimmed and neat.
The dog was as shaggy as a buzz cut.The dog was hairy and unkempt.
His nails were as sharp as needles.His nails are sharp and pointed.
His nails were as sharp as needles.His nails are smooth and rounded.
His nails were as sharp as a spoon.His nails are smooth and rounded.
His nails were as sharp as a spoon.His nails are sharp and pointed.
He has the morals of a saint.He has strong morals.
He has the morals of a saint.He has no morals.
He has the morals of a devil.He has no morals.
He has the morals of a devil.He has strong morals.
The structure was as sturdy as a house of cards.The structure was flimsy.
The structure was as sturdy as a house of cards.The structure was solid.
The structure was as sturdy as a mountain.The structure was solid.
The structure was as sturdy as a mountain.The structure was flimsy.
He runs at the pace of a cheetah.He is a very fast runner.
He runs at the pace of a cheetah.He runs very slowly.
He runs at the pace of a snail.He runs very slowly.
He runs at the pace of a snail.He is a very fast runner.
Our relationship is as tight as a wetsuit.Our relationship is solid.
Our relationship is as tight as a wetsuit.Our relationship is questionable.
Our relationship is as tight as a drug dealers morals.Our relationship is questionable.
Our relationship is as tight as a drug dealers morals.Our relationship is solid.
We stopped at the light as gracefully as a lame turkey.We stopped roughly.
We stopped at the light as gracefully as a lame turkey.We stopped smoothly.
We stopped at the light as gracefully as o.j.s lawyer.We stopped smoothly.
We stopped at the light as gracefully as o.j.s lawyer.We stopped roughly.
That's as safe as tying yourself to a raging bull.It's not safe at all.
That's as safe as tying yourself to a raging bull.It's very low risk.
That's as safe as saving your money.It's very low risk.
That's as safe as saving your money.It's not safe at all.
That's as intimidating as a month old hamster.It's not scary at all.
That's as intimidating as a month old hamster.It's very scary.
That's as intimidating as a hostile bear.It's very scary.
That's as intimidating as a hostile bear.It's not scary at all.
They're as isolated as a game of hide and seek.They're completely divided.
They're as isolated as a game of hide and seek.They're all together.
They're as isolated as the superbowl stands.They're all together.
They're as isolated as the superbowl stands.They're completely divided.
This class subject matter is as exciting as a field trip to an abandoned graveyard.This class subject matter is not exciting.
This class subject matter is as exciting as a field trip to an abandoned graveyard.This class subject matter is very exciting.
This class subject matter is as exciting as just discovering you were actually born with genie powers.This class subject matter is very exciting.
This class subject matter is as exciting as just discovering you were actually born with genie powers.This class subject matter is not exciting.
This exotic dancer has the grace of a crippled lumberjack.This exotic dancer has no grace.
This exotic dancer has the grace of a crippled lumberjack.This exotic dancer has a lot of grace.
This exotic dancer has the grace of an exquisitely-trained ballerina.This exotic dancer has a lot of grace.
This exotic dancer has the grace of an exquisitely-trained ballerina.This exotic dancer has no grace.
The librarian had the charm of a sex-starved tarantula.The librarian had no charm.
The librarian had the charm of a sex-starved tarantula.The librarian had charming qualities.
The librarian had the charm of your most understanding confidante.The librarian had charming qualities.
The librarian had the charm of your most understanding confidante.The librarian had no charm.
They were as close as trump and biden.They were not close.
They were as close as trump and biden.They were close.
They were as close as an apple and its stem.They were close.
They were as close as an apple and its stem.They were not close.
Their house looked like the town dump.Their house looked bad.
Their house looked like the town dump.Their house looked good.
Their house looked like buckingham palace.Their house looked good.
Their house looked like buckingham palace.Their house looked bad.
She was as unique as a grain of sand.She was not unique.
She was as unique as a grain of sand.She was unique.
She was as unique as each snowflake.She was unique.
She was as unique as each snowflake.She was not unique.
The couple's relationship was a boat on a stormy sea.The couple argued a lot.
The couple's relationship was a boat on a stormy sea.The couple argued infrequently.
The couple's relationship was a boat on a placid sea.The couple argued infrequently.
The couple's relationship was a boat on a placid sea.The couple argued a lot.
The spices in the sauce were a gentle harmony.The sauce was well flavored.
The spices in the sauce were a gentle harmony.The sauce tasted bad.
The spices in the sauce were a cacophony.The sauce tasted bad.
The spices in the sauce were a cacophony.The sauce was well flavored.
The mattress was like a bag of sticks.The mattress was uncomfortable.
The mattress was like a bag of sticks.The mattress was soft.
The mattress was like a marshmallow.The mattress was soft.
The mattress was like a marshmallow.The mattress was uncomfortable.
My last relationship lasted an eternity.Was too long.
My last relationship lasted an eternity.Was too short.
My last relationship was 5 minutes long.Was too short.
My last relationship was 5 minutes long.Was too long.
My life has been like fresh cookies out the oven.My life is amazing.
My life has been like fresh cookies out the oven.My life is terrible.
My life has been like burnt pie.My life is terrible.
My life has been like burnt pie.My life is amazing.
The flashlight has the brightness of a bunch of suns all crowded together for a bonfire.The flashlight is extremely bright.
The flashlight has the brightness of a bunch of suns all crowded together for a bonfire.The flashlight doesn't even shine enough light.
The flashlight has the brightness of a dark room that scares dracula himself.The flashlight doesn't even shine enough light.
The flashlight has the brightness of a dark room that scares dracula himself.The flashlight is extremely bright.
The wife has a usefulness of a genie granting every wish one asks.The wife is very helpful and dutiful.
The wife has a usefulness of a genie granting every wish one asks.The wife can't even do much for the husband.
The wife has a usefulness of a tranquilized giraffe.The wife can't even do much for the husband.
The wife has a usefulness of a tranquilized giraffe.The wife is very helpful and dutiful.
The painting  has the creativity of rembrandt and picasso getting their paintings married.The painting is really amazing and well done.
The painting  has the creativity of rembrandt and picasso getting their paintings married.The painting is poorly done.
The painting  has the creativity of a skunk peeing.The painting is poorly done.
The painting  has the creativity of a skunk peeing.The painting is really amazing and well done.
Some individuals are like wild pitbulls.Some people are really mean.
Some individuals are like wild pitbulls.Some people are really nice.
Some individuals are like the sweet grandma type.Some people are really nice.
Some individuals are like the sweet grandma type.Some people are really mean.
This relationship is like poison and water.This is a bad relationship that is toxic and does not pair well.
This relationship is like poison and water.This is a good relationship that goes well together.
This relationship is like peanuts and m&m's.This is a good relationship that goes well together.
This relationship is like peanuts and m&m's.This is a bad relationship that is toxic and does not pair well.
Believing in aliens is like believing in santa claus.Believing in aliens is like believing in something fake.
Believing in aliens is like believing in santa claus.Believing in aliens is like believing in something very real.
Believing in aliens is like believing in math and science.Believing in aliens is like believing in something very real.
Believing in aliens is like believing in math and science.Believing in aliens is like believing in something fake.
The seed was as small as a pin.It was tiny.
The seed was as small as a pin.It was huge.
The seed was as small as a hippo.It was huge.
The seed was as small as a hippo.It was tiny.
The plant was as long as the o.j. trial.It was long.
The plant was as long as the o.j. trial.It was short.
The plant was as long as a pinky nail.It was short.
The plant was as long as a pinky nail.It was long.
The piano was as beautiful as a sunset in may.It was pretty.
The piano was as beautiful as a sunset in may.It was ugly.
The piano was as beautiful as an anthill that had been kicked.It was ugly.
The piano was as beautiful as an anthill that had been kicked.It was pretty.
You're as hairy as a bear.You're hairy.
You're as hairy as a bear.You're not hairy.
You're as hairy as a bald eagle.You're not hairy.
You're as hairy as a bald eagle.You're hairy.
This operation is as transparent as glass.This operation is transparent.
This operation is as transparent as glass.This operation is obscured and not transparent.
This operation is as transparent as tinted glass.This operation is obscured and not transparent.
This operation is as transparent as tinted glass.This operation is transparent.
This stuff's as nutritious as medicine.This stuff's nutritious.
This stuff's as nutritious as medicine.This stuff's bad for you.
This stuff's as nutritious as poison.This stuff's bad for you.
This stuff's as nutritious as poison.This stuff's nutritious.
If she was any more transparent she would be a concrete slab.She is not transparent at all.
If she was any more transparent she would be a concrete slab.She is very transparent.
If she was any more transparent she would be a window.She is very transparent.
If she was any more transparent she would be a window.She is not transparent at all.
His bones have the strength of a titanium rod.His bones are strong and durable.
His bones have the strength of a titanium rod.His bones are weak and easy to break.
His bones have the strength of a chopsticks.His bones are weak and easy to break.
His bones have the strength of a chopsticks.His bones are strong and durable.
The construction workers move at the pace of bees.The workers move quickly.
The construction workers move at the pace of bees.The workers are very slow.
The construction workers move at the pace of a sloth.The workers are very slow.
The construction workers move at the pace of a sloth.The workers move quickly.
The cat is as soft as a fifty-thousand dollar mink coat.The cat is extremely soft.
The cat is as soft as a fifty-thousand dollar mink coat.The cat is not soft at all.
The cat is as soft as a prickly pear cactus.The cat is not soft at all.
The cat is as soft as a prickly pear cactus.The cat is extremely soft.
The boy is as obedient as a rabid wolverine.The boy is very disobedient.
The boy is as obedient as a rabid wolverine.The boy is incredibly obedient.
The boy is as obedient as a loyal robot.The boy is incredibly obedient.
The boy is as obedient as a loyal robot.The boy is very disobedient.
The road is as smooth as a waxed surfboard.The road is very smooth.
The road is as smooth as a waxed surfboard.The toad is very rough.
The road is as smooth as a bed of jagged boulders.The toad is very rough.
The road is as smooth as a bed of jagged boulders.The road is very smooth.
The lamp is as bright as a firefly.The lamp is dim.
The lamp is as bright as a firefly.The lamp is really bright.
The lamp is as bright as a supernova.The lamp is really bright.
The lamp is as bright as a supernova.The lamp is dim.
Harold is as smart as a comatose dog.Harold is dumb.
Harold is as smart as a comatose dog.Harold is really intelligent.
Harold is as smart as a chess grandmaster.Harold is really intelligent.
Harold is as smart as a chess grandmaster.Harold is dumb.
The painting is as beautiful as the taj mahal.The painting is really beautiful.
The painting is as beautiful as the taj mahal.The painting is really ugly.
The painting is as beautiful as a piece of cat poo.The painting is really ugly.
The painting is as beautiful as a piece of cat poo.The painting is really beautiful.
His teeth are like a broken piano.His teeth are crooked.
His teeth are like a broken piano.His teeth are perfectly straight and aligned.
His teeth are like a row of soldiers in a military parade.His teeth are perfectly straight and aligned.
His teeth are like a row of soldiers in a military parade.His teeth are crooked.
My car is a gazelle.My car is light and fast.
My car is a gazelle.My car is heavy and slow.
My car is a gila monster.My car is heavy and slow.
My car is a gila monster.My car is light and fast.
Your penis is a slimy slug.Your genitals are gross.
Your penis is a slimy slug.Your genitals are enticing.
Your penis is a rock hard baseball bat.Your genitals are enticing.
Your penis is a rock hard baseball bat.Your genitals are gross.
This fits like a 10year old in a bassinet.This does not fit.
This fits like a 10year old in a bassinet.This is a close fit.
This fits like a wetsuit.This is a close fit.
This fits like a wetsuit.This does not fit.
The concept has the clarity of a diamond.The concept is clear.
The concept has the clarity of a diamond.The concept is unclear.
The concept has the clarity of muddy water.The concept is unclear.
The concept has the clarity of muddy water.The concept is clear.
The solution is the old faithful geyser.The solution is reliable.
The solution is the old faithful geyser.The solution is unreliable.
The solution is rain in a drought area.The solution is unreliable.
The solution is rain in a drought area.The solution is reliable.
The privacy policy is as clear as glass.The privacy policy is transparent.
The privacy policy is as clear as glass.The privacy policy is opaque.
The privacy policy is as clear as wood.The privacy policy is opaque.
The privacy policy is as clear as wood.The privacy policy is transparent.
Before the race start the driver was calm as a graveyard.The driver's heart-rate was ice-cold and almost non-existent.
Before the race start the driver was calm as a graveyard.The driver's heart-rate was racing due to nerves.
Before the race start the driver was boiling.The driver's heart-rate was racing due to nerves.
Before the race start the driver was boiling.The driver's heart-rate was ice-cold and almost non-existent.
The cat clung to their owner as a leech.The cat only sought the owner because of an unwillingness to support itself.
The cat clung to their owner as a leech.The cat sought the owner out of love and emotion.
The cat clung to their owner as a infant.The cat sought the owner out of love and emotion.
The cat clung to their owner as a infant.The cat only sought the owner because of an unwillingness to support itself.
The teenager in the early morning before school was a early bird.The teenager jumped out of bed in the morning, ready for school.
The teenager in the early morning before school was a early bird.The teenager refused to move with any urgency in the morning.
The teenager in the early morning before school was a sloth.The teenager refused to move with any urgency in the morning.
The teenager in the early morning before school was a sloth.The teenager jumped out of bed in the morning, ready for school.
He was bright like a lightning bug.He was very bright.
He was bright like a lightning bug.He wasn't bright.
He was bright like a cloud.He wasn't bright.
He was bright like a cloud.He was very bright.
He was as nice as a grandmother on christmas.He was cordial.
He was as nice as a grandmother on christmas.He was mean.
He was as nice as an anthill that's been kicked.He was mean.
He was as nice as an anthill that's been kicked.He was cordial.
He was as depressed as a sloth with no family.He was sad.
He was as depressed as a sloth with no family.He was happy.
He was as depressed as a kid on his birthday.He was happy.
He was as depressed as a kid on his birthday.He was sad.
He had the fondness of a pet dog.He unconditionally displayed affection.
He had the fondness of a pet dog.He was fickle in displays of affection.
He had the fondness of a pet cat.He was fickle in displays of affection.
He had the fondness of a pet cat.He unconditionally displayed affection.
My skin fits perfectly.I am happy with my outward presentation.
My skin fits perfectly.I dislike my outward presentation.
My skin fits uncomfortably.I dislike my outward presentation.
My skin fits uncomfortably.I am happy with my outward presentation.
The contestant has the smarts of someone in mensa.The contestant is brilliant.
The contestant has the smarts of someone in mensa.The contestant is dumb.
The contestant has the smarts of a rock.The contestant is dumb.
The contestant has the smarts of a rock.The contestant is brilliant.
The bull has the strength of a meteor coming in for landing.The bull is strong.
The bull has the strength of a meteor coming in for landing.The bull is weak.
The bull has the strength of a jello melting in the sun.The bull is weak.
The bull has the strength of a jello melting in the sun.The bull is strong.
The sunglasses you're wearing has the fashion of mr. bean.The sunglasses don't look stylish.
The sunglasses you're wearing has the fashion of mr. bean.The sunglasses are cool.
The sunglasses you're wearing has the fashion of salvatore ferragamo.The sunglasses are cool.
The sunglasses you're wearing has the fashion of salvatore ferragamo.The sunglasses don't look stylish.
Her skin is  pure silk.Her skin is very soft.
Her skin is  pure silk.Her skin is very harsh.
Her skin is jute cloth.Her skin is very harsh.
Her skin is jute cloth.Her skin is very soft.
The woman was as useful as people magazine.The woman was useless.
The woman was as useful as people magazine.The woman was useful.
The woman was as useful as a surgeon.The woman was useful.
The woman was as useful as a surgeon.The woman was useless.
This bottle of beer is as cold as ice.The bottle of beer is cold.
This bottle of beer is as cold as ice.The bottle of beer is warm.
This bottle of beer is as cold as bath water.The bottle of beer is warm.
This bottle of beer is as cold as bath water.The bottle of beer is cold.
His fury was frightful like a lion.His fury was intimidating.
His fury was frightful like a lion.His fury was not intimidating.
His fury was frightful like a mouse.His fury was not intimidating.
His fury was frightful like a mouse.His fury was intimidating.
This bowl has been useful like a charm.The bowl is useful.
This bowl has been useful like a charm.The bowl is not useful.
This bowl has been useful like a screendoor in a submarine.The bowl is not useful.
This bowl has been useful like a screendoor in a submarine.The bowl is useful.
The heart was as healthy as a teenager at the gym.The heart was strong.
The heart was as healthy as a teenager at the gym.The heart was falling apart.
The heart was as healthy as a smoker in his eighties.The heart was falling apart.
The heart was as healthy as a smoker in his eighties.The heart was strong.
The snake was as deadly as a wild bear.It was dangerous.
The snake was as deadly as a wild bear.It was meek.
The snake was as deadly as a ladybug.It was meek.
The snake was as deadly as a ladybug.It was dangerous.
The thugs were as cruel as hitler in the thirties.They were evil.
The thugs were as cruel as hitler in the thirties.They were nice.
The thugs were as cruel as a new born dove.They were nice.
The thugs were as cruel as a new born dove.They were evil.
He devoured the pizza like a swarm of soldier ants.He ate fast and sloppy.
He devoured the pizza like a swarm of soldier ants.He ate slow and sparingly.
He devoured the pizza like a satiated, sleepy kitten.He ate slow and sparingly.
He devoured the pizza like a satiated, sleepy kitten.He ate fast and sloppy.
The puzzle was as complex as a quantum mechanics equation.The puzzle was hard.
The puzzle was as complex as a quantum mechanics equation.The puzzle was easy.
The puzzle was as complex game of tic-tac-toe.The puzzle was easy.
The puzzle was as complex game of tic-tac-toe.The puzzle was hard.
The house stood as sturdy as a sherman tank.The house was solidly built.
The house stood as sturdy as a sherman tank.The house was poorly constructed.
The house stood as sturdy a drunken sailor on the roiling sea.The house was poorly constructed.
The house stood as sturdy a drunken sailor on the roiling sea.The house was solidly built.
The broadway singers had the voice of an angel.The broadway singer was really good at singing.
The broadway singers had the voice of an angel.The broadway singer was awful.
The broadway singers had the voice of a horse.The broadway singer was awful.
The broadway singers had the voice of a horse.The broadway singer was really good at singing.
The turkey was as brown as chocolate.The turkey was very crisp.
The turkey was as brown as chocolate.The turkey was undercooked.
The turkey was as brown as a ghost.The turkey was undercooked.
The turkey was as brown as a ghost.The turkey was very crisp.
The computer was as fast as a rabbit.The computer was really fast at performing.
The computer was as fast as a rabbit.The computer was really slow at getting tasks done.
The computer was as fast as a sloth.The computer was really slow at getting tasks done.
The computer was as fast as a sloth.The computer was really fast at performing.
His mother had the intelligence of a master chess player.His mother was very smart.
His mother had the intelligence of a master chess player.His mother was not very smart.
His mother had the intelligence of a pigeon.His mother was not very smart.
His mother had the intelligence of a pigeon.His mother was very smart.
The boy had the looks of a walrus.The boy was unattractive.
The boy had the looks of a walrus.The boy was attractive.
The boy had the looks of a lion.The boy was attractive.
The boy had the looks of a lion.The boy was unattractive.
The shirt looked like it had been through a war.The shirt was very dirty.
The shirt looked like it had been through a war.The shirt was very clean.
The shirt looked like it had been through an army of cleaners.The shirt was very clean.
The shirt looked like it had been through an army of cleaners.The shirt was very dirty.
He moved through the house like a mouse.He walked very quietly.
He moved through the house like a mouse.He made a lot of noise.
He moved through the house like a stampede.He made a lot of noise.
He moved through the house like a stampede.He walked very quietly.
The fallen leaves were crunchy like chips.The leaves were very crunchy.
The fallen leaves were crunchy like chips.The leaves were wet and soft.
The fallen leaves were crunchy like soggy cereal.The leaves were wet and soft.
The fallen leaves were crunchy like soggy cereal.The leaves were very crunchy.
The dance routine was crisp like an apple.The dance routine flowed perfectly.
The dance routine was crisp like an apple.The dance routine was all over the place.
The dance routine was crisp like soggy bread.The dance routine was all over the place.
The dance routine was crisp like soggy bread.The dance routine flowed perfectly.
The bottle was fragile as the hoover dam right after construction.The bottle was not fragile.
The bottle was fragile as the hoover dam right after construction.The bottle was quite fragile.
The bottle was fragile as samuel l. jackson's character in unbreakable.The bottle was quite fragile.
The bottle was fragile as samuel l. jackson's character in unbreakable.The bottle was not fragile.
The girl's thighs had the thickness of a bowl of cold cream.The girl's thighs were quite thick.
The girl's thighs had the thickness of a bowl of cold cream.The girl's thighs were quite thin.
The girl's thighs had the thickness of the nettles of a cactus.The girl's thighs were quite thin.
The girl's thighs had the thickness of the nettles of a cactus.The girl's thighs were quite thick.
The dog had the appetite of a starving orphan begging for a bowl of porridge.The dog had a big appetite.
The dog had the appetite of a starving orphan begging for a bowl of porridge.The dog had no appetite.
The dog had the appetite of a robot plugged into a an outlet.The dog had no appetite.
The dog had the appetite of a robot plugged into a an outlet.The dog had a big appetite.
Absinthe is a bottle of poetry.Absinthe will inspire lyrical writing.
Absinthe is a bottle of poetry.Absinthe will upset one's stomach.
Absinthe is a bottle of indigestion.Absinthe will upset one's stomach.
Absinthe is a bottle of indigestion.Absinthe will inspire lyrical writing.
The meal was ambrosia.The meal was divinely delicious.
The meal was ambrosia.The meal was terrible.
The meal was ashes in their mouths.The meal was terrible.
The meal was ashes in their mouths.The meal was divinely delicious.
My heart is an ice cube in my body.I'm cold and unfeeling.
My heart is an ice cube in my body.I'm warm and passionate.
My heart is a fireplace in my body.I'm warm and passionate.
My heart is a fireplace in my body.I'm cold and unfeeling.
Neediness is a repellant to romance.Needy people push lovers away.
Neediness is a repellant to romance.Needy people attract benevolent people.
Neediness is a magnet for love.Needy people attract benevolent people.
Neediness is a magnet for love.Needy people push lovers away.
My car is freedom on the open road.I'm free to drive anywhere in my car.
My car is freedom on the open road.My car is like a cage when in traffic.
My car is a trap in a traffic jam.My car is like a cage when in traffic.
My car is a trap in a traffic jam.I'm free to drive anywhere in my car.
This birth was as fast as a cheetah.The birth was quick.
This birth was as fast as a cheetah.The birth was slow.
This birth was as fast as a turtle walking.The birth was slow.
This birth was as fast as a turtle walking.The birth was quick.
The music was as mainstream as jello sushi.It is rare.
The music was as mainstream as jello sushi.It is popular.
The music was as mainstream as pizza on friday.It is popular.
The music was as mainstream as pizza on friday.It is rare.
The organization is as strict as a corporation on monday.It is really strict.
The organization is as strict as a corporation on monday.It is easy going.
The organization is as strict as a 5 year old birthday party.It is easy going.
The organization is as strict as a 5 year old birthday party.It is really strict.
The new born baby looked like it was dipped in slime.The new born baby looked gross and digusting.
The new born baby looked like it was dipped in slime.The new born baby looked like it was clean and cute.
The new born baby looked like it had just gotten a make over.The new born baby looked like it was clean and cute.
The new born baby looked like it had just gotten a make over.The new born baby looked gross and digusting.
The song sounded like a 1994 toyota corolla that's never had its brakes changed.The song sounded awful and too high pitched and screechy.
The song sounded like a 1994 toyota corolla that's never had its brakes changed.The song sounded beautiful beyond belief.
The song sounded like there were a chorus of angels singing.The song sounded beautiful beyond belief.
The song sounded like there were a chorus of angels singing.The song sounded awful and too high pitched and screechy.
The computer has the speed of an 80 year old man with scoliosis trying to climb stairs.The computer ran very slowly.
The computer has the speed of an 80 year old man with scoliosis trying to climb stairs.The computer ran very quickly.
The computer has the speed of and olympic sprinter crossing the finish line first.The computer ran very quickly.
The computer has the speed of and olympic sprinter crossing the finish line first.The computer ran very slowly.
This is as mainstream as breathing.This is very mainstream.
This is as mainstream as breathing.This is not very mainstream at all.
This is as mainstream as underwater basket-weaving.This is not very mainstream at all.
This is as mainstream as underwater basket-weaving.This is very mainstream.
I'm as successful as amazon.I'm successful.
I'm as successful as amazon.I'm very unsuccessful.
I'm as successful as enron.I'm very unsuccessful.
I'm as successful as enron.I'm successfu.
The running back hit the line like a cannonball.The running back hit the line with high momentum.
The running back hit the line like a cannonball.The running back hit the line with low momentum.
The running back hit the line like like a marshmallow.The running back hit the line with low momentum.
The running back hit the line like like a marshmallow.The running back hit the line with high momentum.
The ballerina performed the solo like a dolphin gliding through water.The ballerina dance was graceful.
The ballerina performed the solo like a dolphin gliding through water.The ballerina was awkward.
The ballerina performed the solo like a disoriented solenodon.The ballerina was awkward.
The ballerina performed the solo like a disoriented solenodon.The ballerina dance was graceful.
The wedding crasher was as obtrusive as a ladybug landing on an elephant.The wedding crasher was restrained.
The wedding crasher was as obtrusive as a ladybug landing on an elephant.The wedding crasher was boisterous.
The wedding crasher was as obtrusive as a tactical squad battering-ram takedown of a crackhouse.The wedding crasher was boisterous.
The wedding crasher was as obtrusive as a tactical squad battering-ram takedown of a crackhouse.The wedding crasher was restrained.
He intellectually birthed monstrosities.His ideas were frightening or ugly.
He intellectually birthed monstrosities.His ideas were aesthetically apealing.
He intellectually birthed beauties.His ideas were aesthetically apealing.
He intellectually birthed beauties.His ideas were frightening or ugly.
She was a mainstream dynamo.She drove change.
She was a mainstream dynamo.She resisted change.
She was a mainstream luddite.She resisted change.
She was a mainstream luddite.She drove change.
The organization was an argos.The organization monitored everything.
The organization was an argos.The organization was myopic.
The organization was a cyclops.The organization was myopic.
The organization was a cyclops.The organization monitored everything.
The group was as organized as a pillow fight.The group was not organized.
The group was as organized as a pillow fight.The group was well-organized.
The group was as organized as soldiers on parade.The group was well-organized.
The group was as organized as soldiers on parade.The group was not organized.
He controlled her like a remote.He had a lot of control over her.
He controlled her like a remote.He didn't have any control over her.
He controlled her like a tidal wave.He didn't have any control over her.
He controlled her like a tidal wave.He had a lot of control over her.
He sung like a bird.He sung well.
He sung like a bird.He didn't sing well at all.
He sung like a grinding gear.He didn't sing well at all.
He sung like a grinding gear.He sung well.
He snored like a bear.He snored loudly.
He snored like a bear.He snored quietly.
He snored like a baby.He snored quietly.
He snored like a baby.He snored loudly.
Watching her sister give birth was like buying a necklace you like from the jewelry store.Seeing the new baby was obtaining something beautiful.
Watching her sister give birth was like buying a necklace you like from the jewelry store.Seeing the child being born was gross.
Watching her sister give birth was like the time she was splashed while waiting at a bus stop.Seeing the child being born was gross.
Watching her sister give birth was like the time she was splashed while waiting at a bus stop.Seeing the new baby was obtaining something beautiful.
Her voice is like hot chocolate to me.Her voice is warm and comforting to me.
Her voice is like hot chocolate to me.Her voice is unsettling.
Her voice is like a letter from the irs.Her voice is unsettling.
Her voice is like a letter from the irs.Her voice is warm and comforting to me.
She was as famous as a movie you've never heard of.She was not famous at all, nobody knew her.
She was as famous as a movie you've never heard of.She was really famous, everyone knows about her.
She was as famous as the president.She was really famous, everyone knows about her.
She was as famous as the president.She was not famous at all, nobody knew her.
It was as round as the earth.It was definitely round.
It was as round as the earth.It was not round at all.
It was as round as a flat tire.It was not round at all.
It was as round as a flat tire.It was definitely round.
It rolled like a tire.It rolled well.
It rolled like a tire.It didn't roll at all.
It rolled like a block.It didn't roll at all.
It rolled like a block.It rolled well.
It played like a cd.It played well.
It played like a cd.It didn't play well.
It played like a broken record.It didn't play well.
It played like a broken record.It played well.
She ran like a cheetah.She ran fast.
She ran like a cheetah.She ran slow.
She ran like a snail.She ran slow.
She ran like a snail.She ran fast.
The woman enjoyed the fame as much as having her cuticles pushed back.Being famous was very uncomfortable.
The woman enjoyed the fame as much as having her cuticles pushed back.The woman enjoyed the fame very much.
The woman enjoyed the fame as much as her favorite chocolate cake.The woman enjoyed the fame very much.
The woman enjoyed the fame as much as her favorite chocolate cake.Being famous was very uncomfortable.
Seeing all the clothes lined up on the rack was like getting your favorite doll at christmas.It was a very pleasing sight.
Seeing all the clothes lined up on the rack was like getting your favorite doll at christmas.The woman was less than pleased.
Seeing all the clothes lined up on the rack was like realizing you spent too much in one day.The woman was less than pleased.
Seeing all the clothes lined up on the rack was like realizing you spent too much in one day.It was a very pleasing sight.
Inflation was rising faster than dough in the oven.It rose quickly.
Inflation was rising faster than dough in the oven.It rose slowly.
Inflation was rising faster than a man with a bad back.It rose slowly.
Inflation was rising faster than a man with a bad back.It rose quickly.
The kitten was as weak as an ant.It was weak.
The kitten was as weak as an ant.It was strong.
The kitten was as weak as a bear.It was strong.
The kitten was as weak as a bear.It was weak.
The tire inflation is at the level of a deflated balloon.The tire is deflated.
The tire inflation is at the level of a deflated balloon.The tire is over-inflated.
The tire inflation is at the level of a balloon that's so full of air that it's about to burst.The tire is over-inflated.
The tire inflation is at the level of a balloon that's so full of air that it's about to burst.The tire is deflated.
The actor has the fame of a d-list actor with no paid acting jobs.The actor isn't famous or well known.
The actor has the fame of a d-list actor with no paid acting jobs.The actor is very famous and popular.
The actor has the fame of an a-list celebrity that is constantly hounded by paparazzi.The actor is very famous and popular.
The actor has the fame of an a-list celebrity that is constantly hounded by paparazzi.The actor isn't famous or well known.
The race track allowed for traction like that of an ice-covered lake.The track is very slick and slippery.
The race track allowed for traction like that of an ice-covered lake.The track has very good traction and is not slick.
The race track allowed for traction like that of a roll of sticky flypaper.The track has very good traction and is not slick.
The race track allowed for traction like that of a roll of sticky flypaper.The track is very slick and slippery.
The coworkers had the closeness of an incestuous sibling couple.The coworkers were very close.
The coworkers had the closeness of an incestuous sibling couple.The coworkers were anything but close.
The coworkers had the closeness of the north and south poles.The coworkers were anything but close.
The coworkers had the closeness of the north and south poles.The coworkers were very close.
The house had the messiness of the cuisine at a 5-star restaurant.The house wasn't at all messy.
The house had the messiness of the cuisine at a 5-star restaurant.The house was very messy.
The house had the messiness of the sewage pipes below a fast food restaurant.The house was very messy.
The house had the messiness of the sewage pipes below a fast food restaurant.The house wasn't at all messy.
He had all the socialist qualities of bernie sanders after a long trip to sweden.He had many qualities of a socialist.
He had all the socialist qualities of bernie sanders after a long trip to sweden.He had few qualities of a socialist.
He had all the socialist qualities of elon musk while pushing a new cryptocurrency.He had few qualities of a socialist.
He had all the socialist qualities of elon musk while pushing a new cryptocurrency.He had many qualities of a socialist.
A friend is a treasure.Friends can be one of a kind.
A friend is a treasure.Friends can be toxic.
A friend is a trap.Friends can be toxic.
A friend is a trap.Friends can be one of a kind.
Was his tattoo done by da vinci?.His tattoo looks really well-done.
Was his tattoo done by da vinci?.His tattoo is poorly done.
Was his tattoo done by a 2nd grader?.His tattoo is poorly done.
Was his tattoo done by a 2nd grader?.His tattoo looks really well-done.
The book has the jargon of a children's book.The book is easy to read with low-level vocabulary.
The book has the jargon of a children's book.The book is hard to read.
The book has the jargon of a lawyer's manuscript.The book is hard to read.
The book has the jargon of a lawyer's manuscript.The book is easy to read with low-level vocabulary.
The fancy cake at the expensive restaurant brought as much satisfaction as getting an unexpected promotion at work.The cake was surprisingly good.
The fancy cake at the expensive restaurant brought as much satisfaction as getting an unexpected promotion at work.The cake was a big let down.
The fancy cake at the expensive restaurant brought as much satisfaction as being unexpectedly demoted at work.The cake was a big let down.
The fancy cake at the expensive restaurant brought as much satisfaction as being unexpectedly demoted at work.The cake was surprisingly good.
The government shutdown was as concerning as being expelled from harvard.The shutdown was going to be costly and potentially ruin your future.
The government shutdown was as concerning as being expelled from harvard.The shutdown was trivial.
The government shutdown was as concerning as being kicked out of cooking class.The shutdown was trivial.
The government shutdown was as concerning as being kicked out of cooking class.The shutdown was going to be costly and potentially ruin your future.
Sitting in the new chair reminded you of relaxing on a plush bed.The chair was cushioning and comfortable.
Sitting in the new chair reminded you of relaxing on a plush bed.The chair was hard and uncomfortable.
Sitting in the new chair reminded you of sitting on a park bench.The chair was hard and uncomfortable.
Sitting in the new chair reminded you of sitting on a park bench.The chair was cushioning and comfortable.
That project was a walk in the park.That project was easy.
That project was a walk in the park.That project was annoying.
That project was a a thorn in my side.That project was annoying.
That project was a a thorn in my side.That project was easy.
The food has the spiciness of a habenero pepper.The food is very spicy.
The food has the spiciness of a habenero pepper.The food is not spicy.
The food has the spiciness of a tomato.The food is not spicy.
The food has the spiciness of a tomato.The food is very spicy.
The man has the friendliness of a dog.The man is very friendly.
The man has the friendliness of a dog.The man is very mean.
The man has the friendliness of a lion.The man is very mean.
The man has the friendliness of a lion.The man is very friendly.
The tea has the heat of the sun.The tea is extremely hot.
The tea has the heat of the sun.The tea is very cold.
The tea has the heat of the arctic.The tea is very cold.
The tea has the heat of the arctic.The tea is extremely hot.
The satisfaction felt by him was a mole hill.The satisfaction was small.
The satisfaction felt by him was a mole hill.The satisfaction was large.
The satisfaction felt by him was a mountain.The satisfaction was large.
The satisfaction felt by him was a mountain.The satisfaction was small.
The government was a tar pit.The government was ineffective.
The government was a tar pit.The government was effective.
The government was a paved highway.The government was effective.
The government was a paved highway.The government was ineffective.
The crisis was a three stooges tv show.The crisis was silly.
The crisis was a three stooges tv show.The crisis was serious.
The crisis was a 60 minutes show.The crisis was serious.
The crisis was a 60 minutes show.The crisis was silly.
The poll showed a satisfaction level for the senator that rivaled that of brutus' love for caesar.The poll shows dissatisfaction and dislike for the senator.
The poll showed a satisfaction level for the senator that rivaled that of brutus' love for caesar.The poll shows satisfaction and love for the senator.
The poll showed a satisfaction level for the senator that rivaled that of juliet's love for romeo.The poll shows satisfaction and love for the senator.
The poll showed a satisfaction level for the senator that rivaled that of juliet's love for romeo.The poll shows dissatisfaction and dislike for the senator.
The rally showed that the people's approval of the candidate is like how the colonists loved king george iii in 1776.The people do not approve of the candidate.
The rally showed that the people's approval of the candidate is like how the colonists loved king george iii in 1776.The people approve of and love the candidate.
The rally showed that the people's approval of the candidate is like how francis scott key admired the american resistance in the war of 1812.The people approve of and love the candidate.
The rally showed that the people's approval of the candidate is like how francis scott key admired the american resistance in the war of 1812.The people do not approve of the candidate.
The economic crisis is seen by many to be like shakespeare's much ado about nothing.The economic crisis is not a big deal.
The economic crisis is seen by many to be like shakespeare's much ado about nothing.The economic crisis is catastrophic and a very big deal.
The economic crisis is seen by many to be like that of the great depression.The economic crisis is catastrophic and a very big deal.
The economic crisis is seen by many to be like that of the great depression.The economic crisis is not a big deal.
This leaf has the saturation of an albino.The leafs color is dull.
This leaf has the saturation of an albino.The leafs color is vibrant and full of life.
This leaf has the saturation of a full autumnal forest.The leafs color is vibrant and full of life.
This leaf has the saturation of a full autumnal forest.The leafs color is dull.
The wife had the sight of an eldery gentleman driving on the wrong side of the highway.The wife was near blind.
The wife had the sight of an eldery gentleman driving on the wrong side of the highway.The wife had supernaturally good vision for a human.
The wife had the sight of a starving hawk on the prowl for its next meal.The wife had supernaturally good vision for a human.
The wife had the sight of a starving hawk on the prowl for its next meal.The wife was near blind.
The mans fortune was that of homeless individual.The mans luck was incredibly poor.
The mans fortune was that of homeless individual.The mans luck was incredibly rich.
The mans fortune was that of a lottery winner.The mans luck was incredibly rich.
The mans fortune was that of a lottery winner.The mans luck was incredibly poor.
She was far away as a whisper.She was close by.
She was far away as a whisper.She was a long way away.
She was far away as receding galaxy.She was a long way away.
She was far away as receding galaxy.She was close by.
His jokes were as amusing a bagpiping unicyclist in a darth vader costume.His jokes were funny.
His jokes were as amusing a bagpiping unicyclist in a darth vader costume.His jokes weren't funny.
His jokes were as amusing as a child's funeral.His jokes weren't funny.
His jokes were as amusing as a child's funeral.His jokes were funny.
The army was as intense as the incoming tide.The army was focused.
The army was as intense as the incoming tide.The army was flighty.
The army was as intense as a humming bird with adhd.The army was flighty.
The army was as intense as a humming bird with adhd.The army was focused.
The thrice-divorced marriage counselor had the credibility of a grizzled army vet on his fourth deployment in vietnam.The thrice-divorced marriage counselor had credibility.
The thrice-divorced marriage counselor had the credibility of a grizzled army vet on his fourth deployment in vietnam.The thrice-divorced marriage counselor lacked credibility.
The thrice-divorced marriage counselor had the credibility of a heroin addict who can stop whenever they want.The thrice-divorced marriage counselor lacked credibility.
The thrice-divorced marriage counselor had the credibility of a heroin addict who can stop whenever they want.The thrice-divorced marriage counselor had credibility.
Parenting newborn triplets was a year of sleepless boot camp in the seventh circle of hell.Parenting newborn triplets was painful and hard.
Parenting newborn triplets was a year of sleepless boot camp in the seventh circle of hell.Parenting newborn triplets was gentle and sweet.
Parenting newborn triplets was butterflies, cuddles and cooing in the sunrise.Parenting newborn triplets was gentle and sweet.
Parenting newborn triplets was butterflies, cuddles and cooing in the sunrise.Parenting newborn triplets was painful and hard.
Marriage is volunteering for involuntary servitude.Marriage is a loss of freedom.
Marriage is volunteering for involuntary servitude.Marriage is a gain of freedom.
Marriage is savoring the fruit of liberty stability provides.Marriage is a gain of freedom.
Marriage is savoring the fruit of liberty stability provides.Marriage is a loss of freedom.
She had the sight of an army sharpshooter.Her sight was incredibly good.
She had the sight of an army sharpshooter.Her sight was incredibly poor.
She had the sight of a grandma with glaucoma.Her sight was incredibly poor.
She had the sight of a grandma with glaucoma.Her sight was incredibly good.
The old man is wise as an encyclopedia.The old man is knowledgeable and wise.
The old man is wise as an encyclopedia.The old man is not wise, he's simple.
The old man is wise as a coloring book.The old man is not wise, he's simple.
The old man is wise as a coloring book.The old man is knowledgeable and wise.
Getting your fortune told by a psychic is as useful as giving a dog a hammer.Going to a psychic to have your fortune told is pointless.
Getting your fortune told by a psychic is as useful as giving a dog a hammer.Going to a psychic to have your fortune told is important and useful.
Getting your fortune told by a psychic is as useful as putting your socks on before your shoes.Going to a psychic to have your fortune told is important and useful.
Getting your fortune told by a psychic is as useful as putting your socks on before your shoes.Going to a psychic to have your fortune told is pointless.
The ride is as dangerous as mixing ammonia and bleach.The ride is deadly.
The ride is as dangerous as mixing ammonia and bleach.The ride is safe.
The ride is as dangerous as a nerf gun.The ride is safe.
The ride is as dangerous as a nerf gun.The ride is deadly.
Running is a satisfyingly as getting the answer to final jeopardy.Running is enjoyable.
Running is a satisfyingly as getting the answer to final jeopardy.Running is not enjoyable.
Running is a satisfyingly as eating scotch tape.Running is not enjoyable.
Running is a satisfyingly as eating scotch tape.Running is enjoyable.
School is as fun as flossing with barbed wire.School is terrible.
School is as fun as flossing with barbed wire.School is fun.
School is as fun as a laser pointer and a cat.School is fun.
School is as fun as a laser pointer and a cat.School is terrible.
The color of the leaf was as bright as the sun shining at noon in june.The leaf was very bright.
The color of the leaf was as bright as the sun shining at noon in june.The leaf was dull.
The color of the leaf was as bright as 5:00 p.m. in december.The leaf was dull.
The color of the leaf was as bright as 5:00 p.m. in december.The leaf was very bright.
The sight of the curtains reminded the woman of dresses from the 50s.The curtains were old fashioned.
The sight of the curtains reminded the woman of dresses from the 50s.The curtains were very fashionable.
The sight of the curtains reminded the woman of dresses in department store windows.The curtains were very fashionable.
The sight of the curtains reminded the woman of dresses in department store windows.The curtains were old fashioned.
His date moved as a ballet dancer.His date moved graciously.
His date moved as a ballet dancer.His date moved clumsily without any finesse.
His date moved as a stumbling panda.His date moved clumsily without any finesse.
His date moved as a stumbling panda.His date moved graciously.
Such a sight was corrosive as sulfur.The sight was very unpleasant.
Such a sight was corrosive as sulfur.The sight was pleasant.
Such a sight was warming as sunlight.The sight was pleasant.
Such a sight was warming as sunlight.The sight was very unpleasant.
She was sweet like sugar.She was very sweet.
She was sweet like sugar.She wasn't sweet at all.
She was sweet like salt.She wasn't sweet at all.
She was sweet like salt.She was very sweet.
She was as pretty as a flower.She was very pretty.
She was as pretty as a flower.She wasn't pretty at all.
She was as pretty as a booger.She wasn't pretty at all.
She was as pretty as a booger.She was very pretty.
It was slippery like oil.It was very slippery.
It was slippery like oil.It wasn't slippery at all.
It was slippery like friction.It wasn't slippery at all.
It was slippery like friction.It was very slippery.
His feet were as big as an iphone se.His feet were not big.
His feet were as big as an iphone se.His feet were big.
His feet were as big as a ham hock.His feet were big.
His feet were as big as a ham hock.His feet were not big.
The course was as linear as a pile of cooked noodles.The course was not linear.
The course was as linear as a pile of cooked noodles.The course was linear.
The course was as linear as a laser beam.The course was linear.
The course was as linear as a laser beam.The course was not linear.
The burger has the tenderness of a us drill sergant.The burger is tough.
The burger has the tenderness of a us drill sergant.The burger is tender.
The burger has the tenderness of a mother looking after her newborn baby.The burger is tender.
The burger has the tenderness of a mother looking after her newborn baby.The burger is tough.
The exercise class has the difficulty of multivariable calculus.The exercise class was difficult.
The exercise class has the difficulty of multivariable calculus.The exercise class was easy.
The exercise class has the difficulty of first-grade level reading.The exercise class was easy.
The exercise class has the difficulty of first-grade level reading.The exercise class was difficult.
The jewelry was a sequined dress under stage lights.The jewelry was shiny.
The jewelry was a sequined dress under stage lights.The jewelry was dull.
The jewelry was the interior of a cave.The jewelry was dull.
The jewelry was the interior of a cave.The jewelry was shiny.
My hunger is as deep as the grand canyon.My hunger is big.
My hunger is as deep as the grand canyon.My hunger is small.
My hunger is as deep as my chihuahua's dish of kibbles.My hunger is small.
My hunger is as deep as my chihuahua's dish of kibbles.My hunger is big.
This person has the sophistication of a dumb jock.This person is stupid.
This person has the sophistication of a dumb jock.This person is smart.
This person has the sophistication of the next elon musk.This person is smart.
This person has the sophistication of the next elon musk.This person is stupid.
This man has the speed of a jack rabbit.This man is fast.
This man has the speed of a jack rabbit.This man is slow.
This man has the speed of a turtle.This man is slow.
This man has the speed of a turtle.This man is fast.
The businessman's outlook calendar was as full as a bag of popcorn at a ballpark.The businessman's outlook calendar was very full.
The businessman's outlook calendar was as full as a bag of popcorn at a ballpark.The businessman's outlook calendar was empty.
The businessman's outlook calendar was as full as a church on a monday.The businessman's outlook calendar was empty.
The businessman's outlook calendar was as full as a church on a monday.The businessman's outlook calendar was very full.
The instrument produced sounds that were as rich as hot fudge.The instrument's sounds were very rich.
The instrument produced sounds that were as rich as hot fudge.The instrument's sounds weren't very rich.
The instrument produced sounds that were as rich as celery sticks.The instrument's sounds weren't very rich.
The instrument produced sounds that were as rich as celery sticks.The instrument's sounds were very rich.
The household budget was a brownie sundae.The household budget was very generous.
The household budget was a brownie sundae.The household budget was very stingy.
The household budget was a fat free frozen yogurt.The household budget was very stingy.
The household budget was a fat free frozen yogurt.The household budget was very generous.
The alcohol was as strong as a wolf.It has strength.
The alcohol was as strong as a wolf.It was weak.
The alcohol was as strong as a mosquito.It was weak.
The alcohol was as strong as a mosquito.It has strength.
The singer was as flat as the road.The singer sang terribly.
The singer was as flat as the road.The singer was good.
The singer was as flat as an oak tree.The singer was good.
The singer was as flat as an oak tree.The singer sang terribly.
The blanket was as soft as a mother's touch.It felt good.
The blanket was as soft as a mother's touch.It was uncomfortable.
The blanket was as soft as sandpaper.It was uncomfortable.
The blanket was as soft as sandpaper.It felt good.
The sandwich was as dry as a crab at the bottom of the sea.The sandwich was very moist.
The sandwich was as dry as a crab at the bottom of the sea.The sandwich was very dry.
The sandwich was as dry as a husk of a crab washed up on a hot beach.The sandwich was very dry.
The sandwich was as dry as a husk of a crab washed up on a hot beach.The sandwich was very moist.
The level had the linearity of two perpendicular lines.The level was not at all linear.
The level had the linearity of two perpendicular lines.The level was very linear.
The level had the linearity of the hallway in the shining.The level was very linear.
The level had the linearity of the hallway in the shining.The level was not at all linear.
The microphone had the sensitivity of an autistic child in a loud room.The microphone was fairly sensitive.
The microphone had the sensitivity of an autistic child in a loud room.The microphone had almost no sensitivity.
The microphone had the sensitivity of the foot of a diabetic woman.The microphone had almost no sensitivity.
The microphone had the sensitivity of the foot of a diabetic woman.The microphone was fairly sensitive.
She was transparent like glass.You could tell what type of person she was easily.
She was transparent like glass.You couldn't tell what kind of person she was.
She was transparent like a brick wall.You couldn't tell what kind of person she was.
She was transparent like a brick wall.You could tell what type of person she was easily.
The internet moved as quickly as molasses.The internet was very slow.
The internet moved as quickly as molasses.The internet speed was quick.
The internet moved as quickly as a jack rabbit.The internet speed was quick.
The internet moved as quickly as a jack rabbit.The internet was very slow.
The carpet held on to dust like velcro.The carpet held a lot of dirt.
The carpet held on to dust like velcro.The carpet repelled a lot of dirt.
The carpet held on to dust like rubber.The carpet repelled a lot of dirt.
The carpet held on to dust like rubber.The carpet held a lot of dirt.
Insanity is a bed.Insanity can be awakened from.
Insanity is a bed.Insanity can drown an individual.
Insanity is a ocean.Insanity can drown an individual.
Insanity is a ocean.Insanity can be awakened from.
Passion is a candle.Passion can burn out.
Passion is a candle.Passion is hard to remove once present.
Passion is a oil.Passion is hard to remove once present.
Passion is a oil.Passion can burn out.
The water was as smooth as glass.The water was still and calm.
The water was as smooth as glass.The water was choppy.
The water was as smooth as rocks.The water was choppy.
The water was as smooth as rocks.The water was still and calm.
The night sky was as bright as a diamond.There were a lot of stars in the sky.
The night sky was as bright as a diamond.The sky was dark.
The night sky was as bright as coal.The sky was dark.
The night sky was as bright as coal.There were a lot of stars in the sky.
Her tears were flowing like rain.Her tears were falling quickly.
Her tears were flowing like rain.Her tears were falling slowly.
Her tears were flowing like molasses.Her tears were falling slowly.
Her tears were flowing like molasses.Her tears were falling quickly.
She's as warm as fur.She has a warm personality.
She's as warm as fur.She has a cold personality.
She's as warm as ice.She has a cold personality.
She's as warm as ice.She has a warm personality.
She has a temper like a rabid dog.She has a bad temper.
She has a temper like a rabid dog.She has a calm temper.
She has a temper like a lamb.She has a calm temper.
She has a temper like a lamb.She has a bad temper.
That's about as bad as a fart under the blanket.That's really bad, almost evil.
That's about as bad as a fart under the blanket.That's actually good.
That's about as bad as an angel's wings.That's actually good.
That's about as bad as an angel's wings.That's really bad, almost evil.
That closet has as much space as a shoe.That closet isn't very spacious.
That closet has as much space as a shoe.That closet is huge and spacious.
That closet has as much space as a parking lot.That closet is huge and spacious.
That closet has as much space as a parking lot.That closet isn't very spacious.
My car uses as much gas as a tank.My car uses a lot of gas.
My car uses as much gas as a tank.My car barely uses any gas.
My car uses as much gas as a weed wacker.My car barely uses any gas.
My car uses as much gas as a weed wacker.My car uses a lot of gas.
The ground was as hard as cotton.The ground was not hard.
The ground was as hard as cotton.The ground was hard.
The ground was as hard as diamond.The ground was hard.
The ground was as hard as diamond.The ground was not hard.
She was as smart as ernest borgnine.She was not smart.
She was as smart as ernest borgnine.She was smart.
She was as smart as einstein.She was smart.
She was as smart as einstein.She was not smart.
You have the fashion sense of a blind homeless man.Your fashion sense is terrible.
You have the fashion sense of a blind homeless man.You are very fashionable.
You have the fashion sense of a young donatella versace.You are very fashionable.
You have the fashion sense of a young donatella versace.Your fashion sense is terrible.
This soup tastes like day old bathwater.This soup tastes terrible.
This soup tastes like day old bathwater.This soup is amazing.
This soup tastes like mana from the gods.This soup is amazing.
This soup tastes like mana from the gods.This soup tastes terrible.
These pajamas feel like i'm being hugged by a thousand baby bunnies.These pajamas are very comfortable.
These pajamas feel like i'm being hugged by a thousand baby bunnies.These pajamas are very uncomfortable.
These pajamas feel like wet sandpaper.These pajamas are very uncomfortable.
These pajamas feel like wet sandpaper.These pajamas are very comfortable.
The gun was as powerful as a hurricane.Its strong.
The gun was as powerful as a hurricane.Its weak.
The gun was as powerful as an ant's breath.Its weak.
The gun was as powerful as an ant's breath.Its strong.
The pants were as faded as the memory of pogs.They were very faded.
The pants were as faded as the memory of pogs.They were bright.
The pants were as faded as the sun in june.They were bright.
The pants were as faded as the sun in june.They were very faded.
That song sounded like a bird.That song is good.
That song sounded like a bird.That song is bad.
That song sounded like a cricket.That song is bad.
That song sounded like a cricket.That song is good.
That movie was as interesting as a deep space exploration.The movie was interesting.
That movie was as interesting as a deep space exploration.The movie was boring.
That movie was as interesting as a journey into my bathroom.The movie was boring.
That movie was as interesting as a journey into my bathroom.The movie was interesting.
The wheels on the car had tread as deep as the snow in january in minnesota.The tires had a deep tread.
The wheels on the car had tread as deep as the snow in january in minnesota.The tires had no tread at all.
The wheels on the car had tread as deep as the snow in june in minnesota.The tires had no tread at all.
The wheels on the car had tread as deep as the snow in june in minnesota.The tires had a deep tread.
The war simulation on the online shooting game was as real as slapping your little brother for eating the last cookie.The game felt like real life.
The war simulation on the online shooting game was as real as slapping your little brother for eating the last cookie.The game required a lot of imagination.
The war simulation on the online shooting game was as real as reading about being slapped for eating the last cookie.The game required a lot of imagination.
The war simulation on the online shooting game was as real as reading about being slapped for eating the last cookie.The game felt like real life.
Her eyes were blue like the ocean.Her eyes were very blue.
Her eyes were blue like the ocean.Her eyes were not blue.
Her eyes were blue like a tree.Her eyes were not blue.
Her eyes were blue like a tree.Her eyes were very blue.
He jumped a mile.He jumped far.
He jumped a mile.He didn't jump far at all.
He jumped an inch.He didn't jump far at all.
He jumped an inch.He jumped far.
It was rare like a diamond.It was very rare.
It was rare like a diamond.It was not rare.
It was rare like a penny.It was not rare.
It was rare like a penny.It was very rare.
The girl sewed as carefully as a heart surgeon.The girl sewed very carefully.
The girl sewed as carefully as a heart surgeon.The girl sewed very recklessly.
The girl sewed as carefully as a bull.The girl sewed very recklessly.
The girl sewed as carefully as a bull.The girl sewed very carefully.
The mood at thanksgiving dinner was an overly inflated balloon.The mood at thanksgiving was very tense.
The mood at thanksgiving dinner was an overly inflated balloon.The mood at thanksgiving was relaxed.
The mood at thanksgiving dinner was a warm cup of tea.The mood at thanksgiving was relaxed.
The mood at thanksgiving dinner was a warm cup of tea.The mood at thanksgiving was very tense.
The teacher's grading scheme had the flexibility of a phone pole.The teacher's grading scheme was very rigid.
The teacher's grading scheme had the flexibility of a phone pole.The teacher's grading scheme was very flexible.
The teacher's grading scheme had the flexibility of a gymnast.The teacher's grading scheme was very flexible.
The teacher's grading scheme had the flexibility of a gymnast.The teacher's grading scheme was very rigid.
His head is as a cue ball.His head is bald.
His head is as a cue ball.His head is hairy and messy.
His head is as a hairball.His head is hairy and messy.
His head is as a hairball.His head is bald.
The collaborative team is working together like cats and dogs jammed in a closet.The team is not working well together.
The collaborative team is working together like cats and dogs jammed in a closet.The team is working well together and functioning well.
The collaborative team is working together like a well-oiled machine.The team is working well together and functioning well.
The collaborative team is working together like a well-oiled machine.The team is not working well together.
The wheels on the bus rotate like that of a stone grinding on steel.The wheels on the bus do not rotate freely.
The wheels on the bus rotate like that of a stone grinding on steel.The wheels on the bus spin very well and freely.
The wheels on the bus rotate like that of a top spinning on glass.The wheels on the bus spin very well and freely.
The wheels on the bus rotate like that of a top spinning on glass.The wheels on the bus do not rotate freely.
The war lasted as long as the life span of a mayfly.The war was very short.
The war lasted as long as the life span of a mayfly.The was was very, very long.
The war lasted as long as the iberian religious war.The was was very, very long.
The war lasted as long as the iberian religious war.The war was very short.
The group was as collaborative as a corporate shareholder meeting.They had chemistry.
The group was as collaborative as a corporate shareholder meeting.They didn't get along.
The group was as collaborative as a group of starving pirates.They didn't get along.
The group was as collaborative as a group of starving pirates.They had chemistry.
The wheels were as strong as an ox.They had strength.
The wheels were as strong as an ox.They had no strength.
The wheels were as strong as a dead bird.They had no strength.
The wheels were as strong as a dead bird.They had strength.
The wheels have the size of the sun.The wheels are large.
The wheels have the size of the sun.The wheels are small.
The wheels have the size of a ball.The wheels are small.
The wheels have the size of a ball.The wheels are large.
The war is the great galveston hurricane of 1900.The war is deadly.
The war is the great galveston hurricane of 1900.The war is nonfatal.
The war is a short storm.The war is nonfatal.
The war is a short storm.The war is deadly.
She is the light of our days.She is cherished.
She is the light of our days.She is detestable.
She is the blight of our days.She is detestable.
She is the blight of our days.She is cherished.
When you are not paying attention time is a turtle.Time moves slowly.
When you are not paying attention time is a turtle.Time moves quickly.
When you are not paying attention time is a hare.Time moves quickly.
When you are not paying attention time is a hare.Time moves slowly.
The bread has the softness of a rock.The bread is hard.
The bread has the softness of a rock.The bread is soft.
The bread has the softness of a cat.The bread is soft.
The bread has the softness of a cat.The bread is hard.
The dog has the size of a horse.The dog is big.
The dog has the size of a horse.The dog is small.
The dog has the size of a mouse.The dog is small.
The dog has the size of a mouse.The dog is big.
The road of choices was as wide as a canyon.You have many options.
The road of choices was as wide as a canyon.Your options are limited.
The road of choices was as wide as stand of linguine.Your options are limited.
The road of choices was as wide as stand of linguine.You have many options.
The boy was as wild as a wild turkey.The boy was  a wild child.
The boy was as wild as a wild turkey.The boy was a calm child.
The boy was as wild as a a baby doll.The boy was a calm child.
The boy was as wild as a a baby doll.The boy was  a wild child.
The couple fought like a lion protecting her cubs.The couple fought bad.
The couple fought like a lion protecting her cubs.The couple didnt fight.
The couple fought like a couple of butterflies.The couple didnt fight.
The couple fought like a couple of butterflies.The couple fought bad.
It was flat like a tabletop.It was very flat.
It was flat like a tabletop.It was not flat.
It was flat like a mountainside.It was not flat.
It was flat like a mountainside.It was very flat.
His room smelled like a sock.His room smelled bad.
His room smelled like a sock.His room smelled good.
His room smelled like a dryer sheet.His room smelled good.
His room smelled like a dryer sheet.His room smelled bad.
He was shy like a ground squirrel.He was very shy.
He was shy like a ground squirrel.He wasn't shy at all.
He was shy like a monkey.He wasn't shy at all.
He was shy like a monkey.He was very shy.
The business plan was as complicated as a michelin star chef's recipe.The business plan was very complicated.
The business plan was as complicated as a michelin star chef's recipe.The business plan was very easy.
The business plan was as complicated as a bagged salad.The business plan was very easy.
The business plan was as complicated as a bagged salad.The business plan was very complicated.
The girl's idea was as successful as a gob of melted cheese.The girl's idea was unsuccessful.
The girl's idea was as successful as a gob of melted cheese.The girl's idea was very successful.
The girl's idea was as successful as a ten-tiered wedding cake.The girl's idea was very successful.
The girl's idea was as successful as a ten-tiered wedding cake.The girl's idea was unsuccessful.
The bird had the energy of a jet engine.The bird was strong.
The bird had the energy of a jet engine.The bird was weak.
The bird had the energy of a sleeping baby.The bird was weak.
The bird had the energy of a sleeping baby.The bird was strong.
The snake was as dangerous as a hungry wolf.It was harmful.
The snake was as dangerous as a hungry wolf.It was harmless.
The snake was as dangerous as a bee with no stinger.It was harmless.
The snake was as dangerous as a bee with no stinger.It was harmful.
The homework was as difficult as a toddler before bedtime.It was hard.
The homework was as difficult as a toddler before bedtime.It was easy.
The homework was as difficult as a sleepy kitten.It was easy.
The homework was as difficult as a sleepy kitten.It was hard.
The road has the length of the great wall.The road is long.
The road has the length of the great wall.The road is short.
The road has the length of a driveway.The road is short.
The road has the length of a driveway.The road is long.
His energy is as high as the sky.He is energetic.
His energy is as high as the sky.He is inactive.
His energy is as high as the roof  of a dog house.He is inactive.
His energy is as high as the roof  of a dog house.He is energetic.
The building looks like it was built as sturdy as an elephant.The building looks sturdy.
The building looks like it was built as sturdy as an elephant.The building looks like it could fall over easily.
The building looks like it was built as sturdy as a one-legged dog.The building looks like it could fall over easily.
The building looks like it was built as sturdy as a one-legged dog.The building looks sturdy.
The videogame was as entertaining as the invisible man standing still.The videogame was boring.
The videogame was as entertaining as the invisible man standing still.The videogame was fun.
The videogame was as entertaining as playing with a kitten.The videogame was fun.
The videogame was as entertaining as playing with a kitten.The videogame was boring.
The tea was as hot as the asphalt in arizona.The tea was hot enough to burn you.
The tea was as hot as the asphalt in arizona.The tea was freezing cold.
The tea was as hot as a new england winter.The tea was freezing cold.
The tea was as hot as a new england winter.The tea was hot enough to burn you.
She moves with the grace of a newborn giraffe.She is clumsy and uncooridinated.
She moves with the grace of a newborn giraffe.She is graceful with fluid movements.
She moves with the grace of a mermaid.She is graceful with fluid movements.
She moves with the grace of a mermaid.She is clumsy and uncooridinated.
He is smart as an octopus escaping the aquarium.He is very smart.
He is smart as an octopus escaping the aquarium.He is very dull.
He is smart as an angler fish's prey.He is very dull.
He is smart as an angler fish's prey.He is very smart.
The sky was a baby's blanket.The sky was soft and pastel.
The sky was a baby's blanket.The sky was bright red.
The sky was angry and bloody.The sky was bright red.
The sky was angry and bloody.The sky was soft and pastel.
The motor has the speed of light waves.The motor is fast.
The motor has the speed of light waves.The motor is slow.
The motor has the speed of a moving turtle.The motor is slow.
The motor has the speed of a moving turtle.The motor is fast.
The attack is an execution.The attack is brutal.
The attack is an execution.The attack is minor.
The attack is a children's game.The attack is minor.
The attack is a children's game.The attack is brutal.
The motor has the power of a child's toy train.The motor is weak and anemic.
The motor has the power of a child's toy train.The motor is very powerful.
The motor has the power of a steam locomotive.The motor is very powerful.
The motor has the power of a steam locomotive.The motor is weak and anemic.
The honesty exhibited by the attorney is that of a sleazy con artist.The attorney is dishonest.
The honesty exhibited by the attorney is that of a sleazy con artist.The attorney is very honest.
The honesty exhibited by the attorney is that of a noble such as abraham lincoln.The attorney is very honest.
The honesty exhibited by the attorney is that of a noble such as abraham lincoln.The attorney is dishonest.
The attack has the ferocity of a baby rabbit.The attack is weak and unthreatening.
The attack has the ferocity of a baby rabbit.The attack is strong and ferocious.
The attack has the ferocity of a thousand fire-breathing dragons.The attack is strong and ferocious.
The attack has the ferocity of a thousand fire-breathing dragons.The attack is weak and unthreatening.
Time is a comforting friend.Time heals emotional wounds.
Time is a comforting friend.The time we have left goes too fast.
Time is an aggressive enemy.The time we have left goes too fast.
Time is an aggressive enemy.Time heals emotional wounds.
Food is a lifeguard.Food keeps us alive.
Food is a lifeguard.Eating the wrong foods can make us sick or even kill us.
Food is a villain.Eating the wrong foods can make us sick or even kill us.
Food is a villain.Food keeps us alive.
Eyeglasses are multipliers.Eyeglasses multiply the size of images we see.
Eyeglasses are multipliers.People think their attractiveness is diminished by eyeglasses.
Eyeglasses are subtractors.People think their attractiveness is diminished by eyeglasses.
Eyeglasses are subtractors.Eyeglasses multiply the size of images we see.
The price of the new motor in the car reminded the woman of trying to purchase diamond earrings.The motor was far too expensive.
The price of the new motor in the car reminded the woman of trying to purchase diamond earrings.The motor was surprisingly affordable.
The price of the new motor in the car reminded the woman of purchasing a cup of coffee.The motor was surprisingly affordable.
The price of the new motor in the car reminded the woman of purchasing a cup of coffee.The motor was far too expensive.
The woman's honesty reminded him of being in sunday school.The woman was very honest.
The woman's honesty reminded him of being in sunday school.The woman was stretching the truth.
The woman's honesty reminded him of being at a car lot.The woman was stretching the truth.
The woman's honesty reminded him of being at a car lot.The woman was very honest.
The sound of the fan was like being rocked to sleep.The fan sound was soothing.
The sound of the fan was like being rocked to sleep.The fan sound was upsetting.
The sound of the fan was like someone beating on your door.The fan sound was upsetting.
The sound of the fan was like someone beating on your door.The fan sound was soothing.
The commanding man really has the authority of a gentle breeze.The man has no authority.
The commanding man really has the authority of a gentle breeze.The man has authority.
The commanding man really has the authority of a juggernaut.The man has authority.
The commanding man really has the authority of a juggernaut.The man has no authority.
The topic has all the importance of yesterdays breakfast.The topic is unimportant.
The topic has all the importance of yesterdays breakfast.The topic is important.
The topic has all the importance of global warming.The topic is important.
The topic has all the importance of global warming.The topic is unimportant.
The joke had the humor of the death penalty.The joke is not funny.
The joke had the humor of the death penalty.The joke is funny.
The joke had the humor of a man running backwards.The joke is funny.
The joke had the humor of a man running backwards.The joke is not funny.
You've got as much authority as a general.You've got authority.
You've got as much authority as a general.You've got no authority.
You've got as much authority as a janitor.You've got no authority.
You've got as much authority as a janitor.You've got authority.
That joke's as funny as a clown.That joke's funny.
That joke's as funny as a clown.That joke's not funny at all.
That joke's as funny as a dead clown.That joke's not funny at all.
That joke's as funny as a dead clown.That joke's funny.
The friend was as loyal as a dog.The friend was really loyal.
The friend was as loyal as a dog.The friend wasn't too loyal.
The friend was as loyal as a cat.The friend wasn't too loyal.
The friend was as loyal as a cat.The friend was really loyal.
The lake is as calm as glass.The lake is really calm and glassy.
The lake is as calm as glass.The lake is turbulent and rough.
The lake is as calm as storm.The lake is turbulent and rough.
The lake is as calm as storm.The lake is really calm and glassy.
His beard was as dirty as dirt.His beard was really dirty.
His beard was as dirty as dirt.His beard was clean and new.
His beard was as dirty as fresh sheets.His beard was clean and new.
His beard was as dirty as fresh sheets.His beard was really dirty.
She was as calm as a snowstorm.She was not calm at all.
She was as calm as a snowstorm.She was very calm.
She was as calm as a veil of fog.She was very calm.
She was as calm as a veil of fog.She was not calm at all.
Her attitude toward the matter was a block of ice.She had a cold attitude toward the matter.
Her attitude toward the matter was a block of ice.She had a warm attitude toward the matter.
Her attitude toward the matter was a cup of coffee.She had a warm attitude toward the matter.
Her attitude toward the matter was a cup of coffee.She had a cold attitude toward the matter.
She was as inviting as a tray of chocolate chip cookies.She was very inviting.
She was as inviting as a tray of chocolate chip cookies.She wasn't inviting at all.
She was as inviting as chips of ice.She wasn't inviting at all.
She was as inviting as chips of ice.She was very inviting.
He had the authority of a janitor trainee.He had no authority.
He had the authority of a janitor trainee.He had a lot of authority.
He had the authority of a roman emperor.He had a lot of authority.
He had the authority of a roman emperor.He had no authority.
The note was as important as the magna carta.The note was important.
The note was as important as the magna carta.The note was not important.
The note was as important as a price of toilet paper.The note was not important.
The note was as important as a price of toilet paper.The note was important.
The joke was as funny as a death rattle.The joke was not funny.
The joke was as funny as a death rattle.The joke was funny.
The joke was as funny as seinfeld.The joke was funny.
The joke was as funny as seinfeld.The joke was not funny.
The chair was comfortable like a pillow.The chair was very comfortable.
The chair was comfortable like a pillow.The chair was uncomfortable.
The chair was comfortable like a bed of rocks.The chair was uncomfortable.
The chair was comfortable like a bed of rocks.The chair was very comfortable.
The wind blew like a sandstorm.The wind blew hard.
The wind blew like a sandstorm.The wind didn't blow at all.
The wind blew like a placid lake.The wind didn't blow at all.
The wind blew like a placid lake.The wind blew hard.
The woman was angry like a boxer.The woman was very angry.
The woman was angry like a boxer.The womans wasn't angry at all.
The woman was angry like a milkmaid.The womans wasn't angry at all.
The woman was angry like a milkmaid.The woman was very angry.
The boy was sadder than a family at a funeral.He was depressed.
The boy was sadder than a family at a funeral.He was happy.
The boy was sadder than a family on a gameshow.He was happy.
The boy was sadder than a family on a gameshow.He was depressed.
He had the authority of the president during a world war.He had a lot of authority.
He had the authority of the president during a world war.He had no authority.
He had the authority of a child molester in a prison.He had no authority.
He had the authority of a child molester in a prison.He had a lot of authority.
The job had the pay of a deck swab on a bad pirate ship.The job didn't pay well.
The job had the pay of a deck swab on a bad pirate ship.The job paid very well.
The job had the pay of a cattle baron who invested in social media in the '00s.The job paid very well.
The job had the pay of a cattle baron who invested in social media in the '00s.The job didn't pay well.
The dog was the length of a snake after swallowing a fire hose.The dog was very long.
The dog was the length of a snake after swallowing a fire hose.The dog was fairly short.
The dog was the length of elijah wood in the lord of the rings.The dog was fairly short.
The dog was the length of elijah wood in the lord of the rings.The dog was very long.
The house's exterior paint color is like that of a billboard for a circus.The house's color is loud and brash.
The house's exterior paint color is like that of a billboard for a circus.The house's color is classy and respectable.
The house's exterior paint color is like that of an estate in the english countryside.The house's color is classy and respectable.
The house's exterior paint color is like that of an estate in the english countryside.The house's color is loud and brash.
The reporter had the bedside manner of a ravenous wolf with rabies.The reporter is rude and offensive.
The reporter had the bedside manner of a ravenous wolf with rabies.The reporter is smooth and diplomatic.
The reporter had the bedside manner of a world-class diplomat.The reporter is smooth and diplomatic.
The reporter had the bedside manner of a world-class diplomat.The reporter is rude and offensive.
The man danced like an insect on a hot plate.The man is a terrible dancer.
The man danced like an insect on a hot plate.The man can dance very gracefully.
The man danced like a well-trained ballet artist.The man can dance very gracefully.
The man danced like a well-trained ballet artist.The man is a terrible dancer.
The house they looked at last was as nice as a room at the ritz-carlton.The house was luxurious.
The house they looked at last was as nice as a room at the ritz-carlton.The house was antiquated.
The house they looked at last was as nice as an antique wild west town.The house was antiquated.
The house they looked at last was as nice as an antique wild west town.The house was luxurious.
The reporter was blown around in the wind like palm fronds being torn from the tree.The reporter couldn't keep her footing and was tossed about.
The reporter was blown around in the wind like palm fronds being torn from the tree.The reporter was able to withstand the wind and stay grounded.
The reporter was blown around in the wind like palm tree trunks bending in the wind.The reporter was able to withstand the wind and stay grounded.
The reporter was blown around in the wind like palm tree trunks bending in the wind.The reporter couldn't keep her footing and was tossed about.
The dance was as lively as the tomb.The dance was slow.
The dance was as lively as the tomb.The dance was happy.
The dance was as lively as birdsong.The dance was happy.
The dance was as lively as birdsong.The dance was slow.
The house was as inviting as a crackling fire.The house was inviting.
The house was as inviting as a crackling fire.The house was uninviting.
The house was as inviting as a mausoleum.The house was uninviting.
The house was as inviting as a mausoleum.The house was inviting.
Her toenails were razorblades.Her toenails were sharp.
Her toenails were razorblades.Her toenails were decorated.
Her toenails were shining jewels.Her toenails were decorated.
Her toenails were shining jewels.Her toenails were sharp.
The dancer had the skin of a hot chocolate without marshmallows.The dancer had dark skin.
The dancer had the skin of a hot chocolate without marshmallows.The dancer had pale skin.
The dancer had the skin of a full moon in the night sky.The dancer had pale skin.
The dancer had the skin of a full moon in the night sky.The dancer had dark skin.
The kid's body looked sunburned as an overcooked tomato.The kid had a badly sunburned body.
The kid's body looked sunburned as an overcooked tomato.The kid's body wasn't very sunburned.
The kid's body looked sunburned as a marshmallow before being made into a s'more.The kid's body wasn't very sunburned.
The kid's body looked sunburned as a marshmallow before being made into a s'more.The kid had a badly sunburned body.
He was as comfortable as a fish out of water that evolved into a land creature.He was quite comfortable.
He was as comfortable as a fish out of water that evolved into a land creature.He was uncomfortable.
He was as comfortable as a fish in a boiling pot of water.He was uncomfortable.
He was as comfortable as a fish in a boiling pot of water.He was quite comfortable.
The dancer was as nimble as a monkey swinging in the trees.The dancer was very nimble.
The dancer was as nimble as a monkey swinging in the trees.The dancer was very clunky.
The dancer was as nimble as a bull in a china shop.The dancer was very clunky.
The dancer was as nimble as a bull in a china shop.The dancer was very nimble.
The lake was as deep as a david lynch film.The lake was very deep.
The lake was as deep as a david lynch film.The lake was shallow.
The lake was as deep as a man trying to use a pickup line.The lake was shallow.
The lake was as deep as a man trying to use a pickup line.The lake was very deep.
The casserole was as healthy as a triathalon runner.The caserole was very healthy.
The casserole was as healthy as a triathalon runner.The caserole was not nutritious.
The casserole was as healthy as a plate full of donuts.The caserole was not nutritious.
The casserole was as healthy as a plate full of donuts.The caserole was very healthy.
He was innocent like a school boy.He was very innocent.
He was innocent like a school boy.He was not innocent.
He was innocent like a pirate.He was not innocent.
He was innocent like a pirate.He was very innocent.
The trail was as long as a rope.The trail was long.
The trail was as long as a rope.The trail was short.
The trail was as long as a paperclip.The trail was short.
The trail was as long as a paperclip.The trail was long.
The day went by like a tax season.The day was long.
The day went by like a tax season.The day was short.
The day went by like a holiday.The day was short.
The day went by like a holiday.The day was long.
The dog was a jolt of electricity.The dog was energetic.
The dog was a jolt of electricity.The dog lacked energy.
The dog was a drunken turtle.The dog lacked energy.
The dog was a drunken turtle.The dog was energetic.
The dance was a pair of swans gliding.The dance was graceful.
The dance was a pair of swans gliding.The dance was not graceful at all.
The dance was a pair of crows cawing.The dance was not graceful at all.
The dance was a pair of crows cawing.The dance was graceful.
The woman's self-esteem was a rock.The woman's self-esteem was very stable.
The woman's self-esteem was a rock.The woman's self-esteem was very fragile.
The woman's self-esteem was a china cup.The woman's self-esteem was very fragile.
The woman's self-esteem was a china cup.The woman's self-esteem was very stable.
The house was as smelly as a wet dog.It stunk.
The house was as smelly as a wet dog.It was odorless.
The house was as smelly as a piece of cotton.It was odorless.
The house was as smelly as a piece of cotton.It stunk.
The reporter was as smart as a scientist.The reporter was a genius.
The reporter was as smart as a scientist.The reporter was dumb.
The reporter was as smart as a cup of worms.The reporter was dumb.
The reporter was as smart as a cup of worms.The reporter was a genius.
The dance was as clumsy as a sleepy otter.It was very klutzy.
The dance was as clumsy as a sleepy otter.It was smooth.
The dance was as clumsy as a deer in the field.It was smooth.
The dance was as clumsy as a deer in the field.It was very klutzy.
The class was hard as a diamond.The class was difficult.
The class was hard as a diamond.The class was easy.
The class was hard as butter.The class was easy.
The class was hard as butter.The class was difficult.
He was as enthusiastic about their meeting tonight as a condemned prisoner the day of his execution.He was dreading their meeting.
He was as enthusiastic about their meeting tonight as a condemned prisoner the day of his execution.He was excited about their meeting.
He was as enthusiastic about their meeting tonight as a guy on the way to pick up his check after winning the lottery.He was excited about their meeting.
He was as enthusiastic about their meeting tonight as a guy on the way to pick up his check after winning the lottery.He was dreading their meeting.
The bank robbers executed their plan with the precision of seal team 6.The bank robbers were well prepared and organized.
The bank robbers executed their plan with the precision of seal team 6.The bank robbers were bumbling and incompetent.
The bank robbers executed their plan with the precision of the 3 stooges.The bank robbers were bumbling and incompetent.
The bank robbers executed their plan with the precision of the 3 stooges.The bank robbers were well prepared and organized.
Her hair is as long as a horses mane.Her hair is really long.
Her hair is as long as a horses mane.Her hair is really short.
Her hair is as long as a gnats eyelash.Her hair is really short.
Her hair is as long as a gnats eyelash.Her hair is really long.
Shes as smart as a computer.Shes very smart.
Shes as smart as a computer.Shes very stupid.
Shes as smart as a doorknob.Shes very stupid.
Shes as smart as a doorknob.Shes very smart.
The car is as hot as hell itself.The car is very hot.
The car is as hot as hell itself.The car is very cold.
The car is as hot as a snowball.The car is very cold.
The car is as hot as a snowball.The car is very hot.
The falling raindrops are dancers.The falling raindrops gracefully landed with softness.
The falling raindrops are dancers.The falling raindrops damaged anything they touched.
The falling raindrops are stones.The falling raindrops damaged anything they touched.
The falling raindrops are stones.The falling raindrops gracefully landed with softness.
The calm stream was a mirror.The stream was image of peace and tranquility.
The calm stream was a mirror.The stream was image of death and stagnation.
The calm stream was a funeral.The stream was image of death and stagnation.
The calm stream was a funeral.The stream was image of peace and tranquility.
My wife is my sunshine.My wife brightens my every action.
My wife is my sunshine.My wife covers entire life and is suffocating.
My wife is my cloche.My wife covers entire life and is suffocating.
My wife is my cloche.My wife brightens my every action.
His eyes had the greenness of a midnight forest.His eyes were dark green.
His eyes had the greenness of a midnight forest.His eyes were light green.
His eyes had the greenness of a clear sunlit lagoon.His eyes were light green.
His eyes had the greenness of a clear sunlit lagoon.His eyes were dark green.
The roof had the height of the sistine chapel.The roof was high.
The roof had the height of the sistine chapel.The roof was low.
The roof had the height of an elf.The roof was low.
The roof had the height of an elf.The roof was high.
The photograph had the beauty of naomi campbell.The photo was pretty.
The photograph had the beauty of naomi campbell.The photo was ugly.
The photograph had the beauty of a dead raccoon.The photo was ugly.
The photograph had the beauty of a dead raccoon.The photo was pretty.
Euphoria is a balloon floating away.Euphoria is like being detached and high.
Euphoria is a balloon floating away.Euphoria is an negatively excessive amount of happiness.
Euphoria is a kitten drowned in glitter.Euphoria is an negatively excessive amount of happiness.
Euphoria is a kitten drowned in glitter.Euphoria is like being detached and high.
Labor is a set of beams holding up a pier.Labor is a necessary forgotten thing that upholds everything.
Labor is a set of beams holding up a pier.Labor is just wastefully used to make something more important.
Labor is dusting flour used for rolling out dough.Labor is just wastefully used to make something more important.
Labor is dusting flour used for rolling out dough.Labor is a necessary forgotten thing that upholds everything.
Wine is the gasoline in a car.Wine is a necessary to make life happen.
Wine is the gasoline in a car.Wine is an unhealthy equivalent drink for people who can afford it.
Wine is soda for the rich.Wine is an unhealthy equivalent drink for people who can afford it.
Wine is soda for the rich.Wine is a necessary to make life happen.
My diet is as healthy as a vegetable garden.My diet is very healthy.
My diet is as healthy as a vegetable garden.My diet is not healthy.
My diet is as healthy as a pound of butter.My diet is not healthy.
My diet is as healthy as a pound of butter.My diet is very healthy.
These shoes fit like my own skin.These shoes fit perfectly.
These shoes fit like my own skin.These shoe are much too big/fit poorly.
These shoes fit like flippers.These shoe are much too big/fit poorly.
These shoes fit like flippers.These shoes fit perfectly.
The amount of labor involved in cleaning out her closet reminded the woman of building a cabin from scratch.It was a huge task.
The amount of labor involved in cleaning out her closet reminded the woman of building a cabin from scratch.It was a trivial task.
The amount of labor involved in cleaning out her closet reminded the woman of building a cabin from legos.It was a trivial task.
The amount of labor involved in cleaning out her closet reminded the woman of building a cabin from legos.It was a huge task.
The size of the sphere rolling towards the woman's car made her feel like the first time she watched nightmare on elm street.The woman was terrified.
The size of the sphere rolling towards the woman's car made her feel like the first time she watched nightmare on elm street.It was more comical than scary.
The size of the sphere rolling towards the woman's car made her feel like watching the rocky horror picture show.It was more comical than scary.
The size of the sphere rolling towards the woman's car made her feel like watching the rocky horror picture show.The woman was terrified.
The job was as hard as a physics test.It was difficult.
The job was as hard as a physics test.It was easy.
The job was as hard as finger-painting.It was easy.
The job was as hard as finger-painting.It was difficult.
The table was as sturdy as a bridge.It was strong.
The table was as sturdy as a bridge.It was fragile.
The table was as sturdy as a house of cards.It was fragile.
The table was as sturdy as a house of cards.It was strong.
The ticket was as real as global warming.It was real.
The ticket was as real as global warming.It was fake.
The ticket was as real as a three dollar bill.It was fake.
The ticket was as real as a three dollar bill.It was real.
The brain was as sharp as a tack.It was quick witted.
The brain was as sharp as a tack.It was damaged.
The brain was as sharp as melted butter.It was damaged.
The brain was as sharp as melted butter.It was quick witted.
The band aid was as strong as wet paper.It was weak.
The band aid was as strong as wet paper.It was strong.
The band aid was as strong as an oak tree.It was strong.
The band aid was as strong as an oak tree.It was weak.
This is as essential as food.This item is very essential.
This is as essential as food.This item is not at all essential.
This is as essential as diamonds.This item is not at all essential.
This is as essential as diamonds.This item is very essential.
He was moving as fast as a cheetah.He was moving very quickly.
He was moving as fast as a cheetah.He was moving very slowly.
He was moving as fast as a snail.He was moving very slowly.
He was moving as fast as a snail.He was moving very quickly.
You're about as smart as a 1st grader.You're not smart at all.
You're about as smart as a 1st grader.You're very smart.
You're about as smart as einstein.You're very smart.
You're about as smart as einstein.You're not smart at all.
You're as tall as a giraffe.You're really tall.
You're as tall as a giraffe.You're really short.
You're as tall as a hobbit.You're really short.
You're as tall as a hobbit.You're really tall.
This is as smooth as ice cream.It's very smooth.
This is as smooth as ice cream.It's not smooth at all.
This is as smooth as tortilla chips.It's not smooth at all.
This is as smooth as tortilla chips.It's very smooth.
Their home was a koi pond.Their home was beautiful and kept.
Their home was a koi pond.Their home was scary and dangerous.
Their home was a sea of sharks.Their home was scary and dangerous.
Their home was a sea of sharks.Their home was beautiful and kept.
His heart is an origami creation.His heart is complicated.
His heart is an origami creation.His heart is virginal.
His heart is an untouched paper.His heart is virginal.
His heart is an untouched paper.His heart is complicated.
The chihuahua believes it is a wolf.The small dog thinks it is undefeatable.
The chihuahua believes it is a wolf.The small dog always stays on your lap.
The chihuahua believes it is a lap blanket.The small dog always stays on your lap.
The chihuahua believes it is a lap blanket.The small dog thinks it is undefeatable.
The bread has the taste of a washing sponge.The bread is dry and tastes bad.
The bread has the taste of a washing sponge.The bread is light and tastes pleasant.
The bread has the taste of a cloud.The bread is light and tastes pleasant.
The bread has the taste of a cloud.The bread is dry and tastes bad.
The boy has the personality of a lump of coal.The boy is distant and boring.
The boy has the personality of a lump of coal.The boy is extremely affectionate and friendly.
The boy has the personality of a labrador.The boy is extremely affectionate and friendly.
The boy has the personality of a labrador.The boy is distant and boring.
The chair is as comfortable as sitting on a bed of nails.The chair is very uncomfortable.
The chair is as comfortable as sitting on a bed of nails.The chair is amazingly comfortable.
The chair is as comfortable as sitting on god's pillow.The chair is amazingly comfortable.
The chair is as comfortable as sitting on god's pillow.The chair is very uncomfortable.
That information is like last years news.The information is old and no one cares.
That information is like last years news.The information is brand new, not many people know.
That information is like tomorrow's fire.The information is brand new, not many people know.
That information is like tomorrow's fire.The information is old and no one cares.
The doctor is a butcher.The doctor cuts things up.
The doctor is a butcher.The doctor is very careful.
The doctor is a crafter.The doctor is very careful.
The doctor is a crafter.The doctor cuts things up.
The kid has the memory of a goldfish.Th kid has a short memory.
The kid has the memory of a goldfish.The kid has a long memory.
The kid has the memory of an elephant.The kid has a long memory.
The kid has the memory of an elephant.Th kid has a short memory.
Her hair was a flowing river.Her hair was fluid and full of life.
Her hair was a flowing river.Her hair was dry and brittle.
Her hair was a straw bale.Her hair was dry and brittle.
Her hair was a straw bale.Her hair was fluid and full of life.
As he stared at her, his eyes were ice.His eyes were cold and unwelcoming.
As he stared at her, his eyes were ice.His eyes were a beacon of warmth and safety.
As he stared at her, his eyes were a torch.His eyes were a beacon of warmth and safety.
As he stared at her, his eyes were a torch.His eyes were cold and unwelcoming.
The students were flowers grown in concrete.The students were restricted and only triumphed out of sheer will and determination.
The students were flowers grown in concrete.The students were allowed absolute freedom to expand and prosper regardless of effort.
The students were flowers grown in the wild.The students were allowed absolute freedom to expand and prosper regardless of effort.
The students were flowers grown in the wild.The students were restricted and only triumphed out of sheer will and determination.
The glass held as much water as a ocean.The glass was full.
The glass held as much water as a ocean.The glass was empty.
The glass held as much water as a desert.The glass was empty.
The glass held as much water as a desert.The glass was full.
He was kind like a rabbi.He was very kind.
He was kind like a rabbi.He was not kind.
He was kind like a criminal.He was not kind.
He was kind like a criminal.He was very kind.
It was as informative as a book.It was very informative.
It was as informative as a book.It was not informative at all.
It was as informative as a blank page.It was not informative at all.
It was as informative as a blank page.It was very informative.
Polite conversation is a ritual of beggars.Polite conversation is only engaged in by those who want to plead for something.
Polite conversation is a ritual of beggars.Polite conversation is only engaged in by those with weighty matters to discuss and reputations to uphold.
Polite conversation is a ritual of kings.Polite conversation is only engaged in by those with weighty matters to discuss and reputations to uphold.
Polite conversation is a ritual of kings.Polite conversation is only engaged in by those who want to plead for something.
The metal was a glass.The metal reflected brightly.
The metal was a glass.The metal reflected little light.
The metal was a void.The metal reflected little light.
The metal was a void.The metal reflected brightly.
Abstract ideas are wild geese.Abstract ideas are fleeting and difficult to grasp.
Abstract ideas are wild geese.Abstract ideas are personal and continually re-appear.
Abstract ideas are faithful hounds.Abstract ideas are personal and continually re-appear.
Abstract ideas are faithful hounds.Abstract ideas are fleeting and difficult to grasp.
This party makes me want to get dressed up for a ball.This party is elegant.
This party makes me want to get dressed up for a ball.This party is dumpy.
This party makes me want to get ready for a mosh pit.This party is dumpy.
This party makes me want to get ready for a mosh pit.This party is elegant.
Your home has the smallness of michael jordan's mansion.Your home is big.
Your home has the smallness of michael jordan's mansion.Your home is tiny.
Your home has the smallness of a manhattan office cubicle.Your home is tiny.
Your home has the smallness of a manhattan office cubicle.Your home is big.
My wife's dinner has the succulence of a dried up rice dish.My wife's dinner sucks.
My wife's dinner has the succulence of a dried up rice dish.My wife's dinner is delicious.
My wife's dinner has the succulence of god's manna.My wife's dinner is delicious.
My wife's dinner has the succulence of god's manna.My wife's dinner sucks.
The party was as celebratory as champagne.The party was very celebratory.
The party was as celebratory as champagne.The party was very dull.
The party was as celebratory as water.The party was very dull.
The party was as celebratory as water.The party was very celebratory.
The girl's personality was a fire hose.The girl's personality was volatile.
The girl's personality was a fire hose.The girl's personality was steady.
The girl's personality was a spring stream.The girl's personality was steady.
The girl's personality was a spring stream.The girl's personality was volatile.
The wedding was a brown bag lunch.The wedding was really cheap.
The wedding was a brown bag lunch.The wedding was really fancy.
The wedding was a multi-course michelin starred meal.The wedding was really fancy.
The wedding was a multi-course michelin starred meal.The wedding was really cheap.
The ritual was as boring as a pbs news report.It was dull.
The ritual was as boring as a pbs news report.It was exciting.
The ritual was as boring as a rollercoaster on fire.It was exciting.
The ritual was as boring as a rollercoaster on fire.It was dull.
The metal was as strong as iron.It was very sturdy.
The metal was as strong as iron.It was weak.
The metal was as strong as silly puddy.It was weak.
The metal was as strong as silly puddy.It was very sturdy.
The song was as sad as a funeral.It was depressing.
The song was as sad as a funeral.It was happy.
The song was as sad as a birthday party.It was happy.
The song was as sad as a birthday party.It was depressing.
The scientists found the results of the experiment were as hopeful as meeting your child for the first time.The experiment has a chance to go well.
The scientists found the results of the experiment were as hopeful as meeting your child for the first time.The experiment was a failure.
The scientists found the results of the experiment were as sad as burying your first pet.The experiment was a failure.
The scientists found the results of the experiment were as sad as burying your first pet.The experiment has a chance to go well.
The fish was as big as a barn door.The fish was large.
The fish was as big as a barn door.The fish was small.
The fish was as big as a mouse.The fish was small.
The fish was as big as a mouse.The fish was large.
The waste was an eagle's nest.The waste was extreme.
The waste was an eagle's nest.The waste was minimal.
The waste was a hummingbird nest.The waste was minimal.
The waste was a hummingbird nest.The waste was extreme.
The part was the gettysburg address.The part was small.
The part was the gettysburg address.The part was large.
The part was william henry harrison's inaugural address.The part was large.
The part was william henry harrison's inaugural address.The part was small.
The experiment result was a child's piano recital.The experiment result was mundane.
The experiment result was a child's piano recital.The experiment result was profound.
The experiment result was a fully staged opera.The experiment result was profound.
The experiment result was a fully staged opera.The experiment result was mundane.
The waste was the size of a shoebox.The  waste was small.
The waste was the size of a shoebox.The waste was big.
The waste was the size of a field.The waste was big.
The waste was the size of a field.The  waste was small.
The experiment was as long as a work week.The experiment was long.
The experiment was as long as a work week.The experiment was short.
The experiment was as long as a song.The experiment was short.
The experiment was as long as a song.The experiment was long.
Installing the part was as easy as adding one plus one.Installing the part was easy.
Installing the part was as easy as adding one plus one.Installing the part was not easy.
Installing the part was as easy as understanding relativity.Installing the part was not easy.
Installing the part was as easy as understanding relativity.Installing the part was easy.
The experiment was as interesting as reading the fine print.The experiment was not interesting.
The experiment was as interesting as reading the fine print.The experiment was interesting.
The experiment was as interesting as a spellbinding book.The experiment was interesting.
The experiment was as interesting as a spellbinding book.The experiment was not interesting.
He was solid like a wall.He was very solid.
He was solid like a wall.He wasn't solid at all.
He was solid like a net.He wasn't solid at all.
He was solid like a net.He was very solid.
It was memorable like a photo.It was very memorable.
It was memorable like a photo.It wasn't memorable.
It was memorable like a forgotten thought.It wasn't memorable.
It was memorable like a forgotten thought.It was very memorable.
She was comforting like a hug.She was very comforting.
She was comforting like a hug.She wasn't comforting at all.
She was comforting like a alligator.She wasn't comforting at all.
She was comforting like a alligator.She was very comforting.
The girl's hair is velvet.The girl's hair is fine.
The girl's hair is velvet.The girl's hair is coarse.
The girl's hair is a patch of gravel.The girl's hair is coarse.
The girl's hair is a patch of gravel.The girl's hair is fine.
The ballerina landed with the weight of a pin.The ballerina landed lightly.
The ballerina landed with the weight of a pin.The ballerina landed heavily.
The ballerina landed with the weight of a dump truck.The ballerina landed heavily.
The ballerina landed with the weight of a dump truck.The ballerina landed lightly.
He was the height of a tree.He was very tall.
He was the height of a tree.He was very short.
He was the height of fire hydrant.He was very short.
He was the height of fire hydrant.He was very tall.
The road was as long as a county line.The road is long.
The road was as long as a county line.The road is short.
The road was as long as a driveway.The road is short.
The road was as long as a driveway.The road is long.
She had a sense of humor like a comedian.She was funny.
She had a sense of humor like a comedian.She was serious.
She had a sense of humor like an tax agent.She was serious.
She had a sense of humor like an tax agent.She was funny.
The spell had the power of sending thoughts and prayers.The spell had no power.
The spell had the power of sending thoughts and prayers.The spell was quite powerful.
The spell had the power of what people think sending thoughts and prayers do.The spell was quite powerful.
The spell had the power of what people think sending thoughts and prayers do.The spell had no power.
The woman had the height of an ostrich wearing platform boots on stilts.The woman was very tall.
The woman had the height of an ostrich wearing platform boots on stilts.The woman was very short.
The woman had the height of a baby dwarf.The woman was very short.
The woman had the height of a baby dwarf.The woman was very tall.
The snow was as fluffy as a japanese souffl pancake.The snow was very fluffy.
The snow was as fluffy as a japanese souffl pancake.The snow did not have much fluff.
The snow was as fluffy as a dried out two day old pancake from mcdonald's.The snow did not have much fluff.
The snow was as fluffy as a dried out two day old pancake from mcdonald's.The snow was very fluffy.
That project will get funding as fast as a banker takes your money.The project will get funded quickly.
That project will get funding as fast as a banker takes your money.The project will take a lot of time to get funded.
That project will get funding as fast as a growing tree.The project will take a lot of time to get funded.
That project will get funding as fast as a growing tree.The project will get funded quickly.
The spelling contest was as hard as jeopardy.The spelling contest was really difficult.
The spelling contest was as hard as jeopardy.The spelling contest was very easy.
The spelling contest was as hard as kindergarten.The spelling contest was very easy.
The spelling contest was as hard as kindergarten.The spelling contest was really difficult.
She looked as happy as a newly wed.She looked very happy.
She looked as happy as a newly wed.She did not look very happy at all.
She looked as happy as a thunder storm.She did not look very happy at all.
She looked as happy as a thunder storm.She looked very happy.
The witches spell was as powerful as an a-bomb.The witches spell was powerful.
The witches spell was as powerful as an a-bomb.The witches spell was not powerful.
The witches spell was as powerful as a toddler.The witches spell was not powerful.
The witches spell was as powerful as a toddler.The witches spell was powerful.
The book was as disturbing as a ghost in a graveyard.The book was disturbing.
The book was as disturbing as a ghost in a graveyard.The book was not disturbing.
The book was as disturbing as a visit with your aunt.The book was not disturbing.
The book was as disturbing as a visit with your aunt.The book was disturbing.
I can spell as well as a dictionary.I can spell well.
I can spell as well as a dictionary.I can't spell well.
I can spell as well as a preschooler.I can't spell well.
I can spell as well as a preschooler.I can spell well.
We have as much funding as an oil tycoon.We have lots of funding.
We have as much funding as an oil tycoon.We barely have any funding at all.
We have as much funding as a kid's piggy bank.We barely have any funding at all.
We have as much funding as a kid's piggy bank.We have lots of funding.
That movie was as disturbing as death.That movie was disturbing.
That movie was as disturbing as death.That movie was not disturbing.
That movie was as disturbing as puppies.That movie was not disturbing.
That movie was as disturbing as puppies.That movie was disturbing.
The spell was as powerful as a fully grown bear.It was a great spell.
The spell was as powerful as a fully grown bear.It was weak.
The spell was as powerful as a starving grasshopper.It was weak.
The spell was as powerful as a starving grasshopper.It was a great spell.
The rain was as hard as a rock.It was battering down on the earth.
The rain was as hard as a rock.It was light.
The rain was as hard as a bag of cotton.It was light.
The rain was as hard as a bag of cotton.It was battering down on the earth.
The toddler is as noisy as a high school marching band.The toddler is very noisy.
The toddler is as noisy as a high school marching band.The toddler is very quiet.
The toddler is as noisy as a fish.The toddler is very quiet.
The toddler is as noisy as a fish.The toddler is very noisy.
The boy's energy levels are an ocean.The boy has a ton of energy.
The boy's energy levels are an ocean.The boy has very little energy.
The boy's energy levels are a puddle.The boy has very little energy.
The boy's energy levels are a puddle.The boy has a ton of energy.
His face has the aspect of marble.His face was smooth.
His face has the aspect of marble.His face was very rough.
His face has the aspect of sandpaper.His face was very rough.
His face has the aspect of sandpaper.His face was smooth.
The box weighed as much as a hippo.The box was too heavy.
The box weighed as much as a hippo.The box was too light.
The box weighed as much as a hollow shell.The box was too light.
The box weighed as much as a hollow shell.The box was too heavy.
The cushion was soft as pure feathers.The pillow was very soft.
The cushion was soft as pure feathers.The pillow was very hard.
The cushion was soft as a bag of rocks.The pillow was very hard.
The cushion was soft as a bag of rocks.The pillow was very soft.
My little cousin has the hide and seek skills of an elephant behind a palm tree.My little cousin is bad at hide and seek.
My little cousin has the hide and seek skills of an elephant behind a palm tree.My little cousin is good at hide and seek.
My little cousin has the hide and seek skills of a kgb double-agent.My little cousin is good at hide and seek.
My little cousin has the hide and seek skills of a kgb double-agent.My little cousin is bad at hide and seek.
My mom is as nice as a warm hug.My mom is very nice.
My mom is as nice as a warm hug.My mom is mean.
My mom is as nice as a feral cat.My mom is mean.
My mom is as nice as a feral cat.My mom is very nice.
Her eyes are as captivating as niagara falls.Her eyes are very captivating.
Her eyes are as captivating as niagara falls.Her eyes are not captivating.
Her eyes are as captivating as a piece of moldy bread.Her eyes are not captivating.
Her eyes are as captivating as a piece of moldy bread.Her eyes are very captivating.
They played with the intensity of a tsunami.They played excitingly.
They played with the intensity of a tsunami.They played dull and boring.
They played with the intensity of a toaster.They played dull and boring.
They played with the intensity of a toaster.They played excitingly.
The miles passed by like usain bolt.The ride was quick.
The miles passed by like usain bolt.The ride was slow.
The miles passed by like molasses.The ride was slow.
The miles passed by like molasses.The ride was quick.
The bed feels like sleeping on a frying pan.The bed is hard.
The bed feels like sleeping on a frying pan.The bed is soft.
The bed feels like sleeping on cotton candy.The bed is soft.
The bed feels like sleeping on cotton candy.The bed is hard.
The essay is a rubik's cube.The essay is difficult.
The essay is a rubik's cube.The essay is easy.
The essay is like eating jell-o.The essay is easy.
The essay is like eating jell-o.The essay is difficult.
Hiding is the last pickle in a jar.Hiding is difficult because of standing out.
Hiding is the last pickle in a jar.Hiding is easy because of blending right in.
Hiding is putting a tree in the amazon.Hiding is easy because of blending right in.
Hiding is putting a tree in the amazon.Hiding is difficult because of standing out.
The house was a regional stadium.The house was big.
The house was a regional stadium.The house was small.
The house was a local small business.The house was small.
The house was a local small business.The house was big.
Her mind is a complex library.Her mind is hard to undertsand.
Her mind is a complex library.Her mind is easy to understand.
Her mind is an easy instructional.Her mind is easy to understand.
Her mind is an easy instructional.Her mind is hard to undertsand.
Their relationship was a sturdy desk.Their relationship was stable.
Their relationship was a sturdy desk.Their relationship was unstable.
Their relationship was a tipping tower.Their relationship was unstable.
Their relationship was a tipping tower.Their relationship was stable.
In the heat of summer the car was a oven.The car's interior baked under the sun's ray and was stifling with heat.
In the heat of summer the car was a oven.The car's interior was kept cool with air conditioning despite the weather outside.
In the heat of summer the car was a icebox.The car's interior was kept cool with air conditioning despite the weather outside.
In the heat of summer the car was a icebox.The car's interior baked under the sun's ray and was stifling with heat.
My football coach was a beast.My football coach taught through discipline and fear.
My football coach was a beast.My football coach taught through logic and precision.
My football coach was a professor.My football coach taught through logic and precision.
My football coach was a professor.My football coach taught through discipline and fear.
Being fired is a wound.Being fired is injurious.
Being fired is a wound.It will revitalize me to be fired from a job i hate.
Being fired is a cure.It will revitalize me to be fired from a job i hate.
Being fired is a cure.Being fired is injurious.
Marriage is a sticky syrup.Marriage is a sweet attraction.
Marriage is a sticky syrup.Marriage is dry and unfruitful.
Marriage is a dusty desert.Marriage is dry and unfruitful.
Marriage is a dusty desert.Marriage is a sweet attraction.
Her hair is wild like a mormon bachelor party.Her hair is dull, not wild at all.
Her hair is wild like a mormon bachelor party.Her hair is wild and untamed.
Her hair is wild like the inhabitants of north sentinel island.Her hair is wild and untamed.
Her hair is wild like the inhabitants of north sentinel island.Her hair is dull, not wild at all.
My cat is dumb like a trained parrot.My cat is very clever.
My cat is dumb like a trained parrot.My cat is dumb and incapable of independent thought.
My cat is dumb like an actual paper bag.My cat is dumb and incapable of independent thought.
My cat is dumb like an actual paper bag.My cat is very clever.
This house is as big as a small european country.This house is large.
This house is as big as a small european country.This house is tiny.
This house is as big as a guinea pig's left foot.This house is tiny.
This house is as big as a guinea pig's left foot.This house is large.
He was  popular as snot in the punch bowl.He is well liked.
He was  popular as snot in the punch bowl.He is not well liked.
He was  popular as a beloved celebrity.He is not well liked.
He was  popular as a beloved celebrity.He is well liked.
The dinner was special as a holiday celebration.Very nice gathering.
The dinner was special as a holiday celebration.A death knell to those who attend.
The dinner was special as a moribund pall.A death knell to those who attend.
The dinner was special as a moribund pall.Very nice gathering.
Your brother is as appealing as the black sheep of the family.Your brother is trouble.
Your brother is as appealing as the black sheep of the family.Your brother is the star.
Your brother is as appealing as a knight in shining armour.Your brother is the star.
Your brother is as appealing as a knight in shining armour.Your brother is trouble.
Is plans were as solid as concrete.His plans were very solid.
Is plans were as solid as concrete.He did not have solid plans.
Is plans were as solid as a glass of water.He did not have solid plans.
Is plans were as solid as a glass of water.His plans were very solid.
He was running like a cheetah.He was running fast.
He was running like a cheetah.He was running slow.
He was running like a turtle.He was running slow.
He was running like a turtle.He was running fast.
Their new song was a complex as a calculus problem.Their new song was very complex.
Their new song was a complex as a calculus problem.Their new song was simple.
Their new song was a complex as a game of tic-tac-toe.Their new song was simple.
Their new song was a complex as a game of tic-tac-toe.Their new song was very complex.
Imagination is a waterfall.Imagination can be allowed to flow continuously.
Imagination is a waterfall.Imagination can be blocked.
Imagination is a dam.Imagination can be blocked.
Imagination is a dam.Imagination can be allowed to flow continuously.
Trust is a gift.Trust can be granted to others.
Trust is a gift.Trust can be easily broken.
Trust is a pane of glass.Trust can be easily broken.
Trust is a pane of glass.Trust can be granted to others.
Honesty is a star.Honesty is an admirable quality.
Honesty is a star.Honesty can be too severe and leave a mark.
Honesty is a stain.Honesty can be too severe and leave a mark.
Honesty is a stain.Honesty is an admirable quality.
The bug was as ugly as a dead dog.It was nasty looking.
The bug was as ugly as a dead dog.It was cute.
The bug was as ugly as a newborn bunny.It was cute.
The bug was as ugly as a newborn bunny.It was nasty looking.
The tv was as big as a house.It was huge.
The tv was as big as a house.It was small.
The tv was as big as a paper plate.It was small.
The tv was as big as a paper plate.It was huge.
His life was as exciting as a horror film.It was thrilling.
His life was as exciting as a horror film.It was boring.
His life was as exciting as a paper bag documentary.It was boring.
His life was as exciting as a paper bag documentary.It was thrilling.
The man has a virility of a kangaroo constantly kicking its foe.The man has a high virility.
The man has a virility of a kangaroo constantly kicking its foe.The man has problems with his man parts performing well.
The man has a virility of a poisoned turtle.The man has problems with his man parts performing well.
The man has a virility of a poisoned turtle.The man has a high virility.
The student has the booksmarts of a broken chair.The student is really stupid.
The student has the booksmarts of a broken chair.The student is really smart.
The student has the booksmarts of a professor and einstein in one room.The student is really smart.
The student has the booksmarts of a professor and einstein in one room.The student is really stupid.
The janitor has the cleaning skills of a confused cactus.The janitor cleans really poorly.
The janitor has the cleaning skills of a confused cactus.The janitor cleans really well.
The janitor has the cleaning skills of a fairy who takes care of its garden.The janitor cleans really well.
The janitor has the cleaning skills of a fairy who takes care of its garden.The janitor cleans really poorly.
The name in the concrete reminded the man of being a kid writing his own name in concrete.It made the man nostalgic.
The name in the concrete reminded the man of being a kid writing his own name in concrete.It was annoying to the man.
The name in the concrete reminded the man of accidentally stepping in wet cement.It was annoying to the man.
The name in the concrete reminded the man of accidentally stepping in wet cement.It made the man nostalgic.
The lesson was as important as knowing where your phone is at all times.The lesson was essential.
The lesson was as important as knowing where your phone is at all times.The lesson would rarely be used.
The lesson was as important as knowing where your hair pins are at all times.The lesson would rarely be used.
The lesson was as important as knowing where your hair pins are at all times.The lesson was essential.
Keeping his cable television seems like keeping a bottle cap after you've thrown away the bottle.His cable television was useless.
Keeping his cable television seems like keeping a bottle cap after you've thrown away the bottle.He used his cable television all the time.
Keeping his cable television seems like keeping your internet connection.He used his cable television all the time.
Keeping his cable television seems like keeping your internet connection.His cable television was useless.
The concreate test shows the concrete is as hard as a rain-soaked powder puff.The concrete is very soft.
The concreate test shows the concrete is as hard as a rain-soaked powder puff.The concrete is very hardened.
The concreate test shows the concrete is as hard as a huge diamond.The concrete is very hardened.
The concreate test shows the concrete is as hard as a huge diamond.The concrete is very soft.
People that volunteered for the cause were like that of a reluctant bride.The volunteers were reluctant to commit and help.
People that volunteered for the cause were like that of a reluctant bride.The volunteers were gung ho, committed and willing to help.
People that volunteered for the cause were like that of a dedicated bunch of warriors.The volunteers were gung ho, committed and willing to help.
People that volunteered for the cause were like that of a dedicated bunch of warriors.The volunteers were reluctant to commit and help.
The soldier climbed out of the trench with the willingness of a scared rabbit.The soldier is frightened and reluctant.
The soldier climbed out of the trench with the willingness of a scared rabbit.The soldier is brave and aggressive.
The soldier climbed out of the trench with the willingness of a samurai warrior.The soldier is brave and aggressive.
The soldier climbed out of the trench with the willingness of a samurai warrior.The soldier is frightened and reluctant.
His voice is as loud as a car horn.His voice is very loud.
His voice is as loud as a car horn.His voice is soft.
His voice is as loud as a butterfly flutter.His voice is soft.
His voice is as loud as a butterfly flutter.His voice is very loud.
The runner was as fast as a grayhound.The runner is fast.
The runner was as fast as a grayhound.The runner is slow.
The runner was as fast as honey dripping down the side of a bottle.The runner is slow.
The runner was as fast as honey dripping down the side of a bottle.The runner is fast.
The movie was as funny as my aunts funeral.The move was not funny.
The movie was as funny as my aunts funeral.The movie was funny.
The movie was as funny as a kitten chasing its tail.The movie was funny.
The movie was as funny as a kitten chasing its tail.The move was not funny.
The chef is cooking at the pace of a dial up modem.The chef is slow.
The chef is cooking at the pace of a dial up modem.The chef is fast.
The chef is cooking at the pace of a race car.The chef is fast.
The chef is cooking at the pace of a race car.The chef is slow.
The book has all the mystery of a soap opera.The book is transparent.
The book has all the mystery of a soap opera.The book is mysterious.
The book has all the mystery of the nazca lines.The book is mysterious.
The book has all the mystery of the nazca lines.The book is transparent.
The puzzle had the difficulty of swimming with a life preserver.The puzzle is easy.
The puzzle had the difficulty of swimming with a life preserver.The puzzle is difficult.
The puzzle had the difficulty of climbing everest in my underwear.The puzzle is difficult.
The puzzle had the difficulty of climbing everest in my underwear.The puzzle is easy.
The river flowed with vengenance of the damned.The river flowed hard and fast.
The river flowed with vengenance of the damned.The river flowed windingly and slow.
The river flowed meandering in it own sweet dreams.The river flowed windingly and slow.
The river flowed meandering in it own sweet dreams.The river flowed hard and fast.
The kitchen became a battlefield when he got home.When he got home they fought.
The kitchen became a battlefield when he got home.When he got home it got all lovey dovey.
The kitchen became a dove's nest when he got home.When he got home it got all lovey dovey.
The kitchen became a dove's nest when he got home.When he got home they fought.
When he slept he reminded her of a lumberjack with a chainsaw.He snored horribly in his sleep.
When he slept he reminded her of a lumberjack with a chainsaw.He slept quietly and sweetly.
When he slept he reminded her of a purring kitten.He slept quietly and sweetly.
When he slept he reminded her of a purring kitten.He snored horribly in his sleep.
The middle-aged man awakes in the morning to begin the show.The man enjoys the work he does as it's fun.
The middle-aged man awakes in the morning to begin the show.The man is disgruntled and works to provide for his needs.
The middle-aged man awakes in the morning to punch a clock.The man is disgruntled and works to provide for his needs.
The middle-aged man awakes in the morning to punch a clock.The man enjoys the work he does as it's fun.
Your chances of stardom are a unicorn being found.The chances are low as the fantasy can never match reality.
Your chances of stardom are a unicorn being found.The changes are high are some things are certain with time.
Your chances of stardom are a insect bite.The changes are high are some things are certain with time.
Your chances of stardom are a insect bite.The chances are low as the fantasy can never match reality.
He moved with the pace of a snail dmv.He was slow.
He moved with the pace of a snail dmv.He was fast.
He moved with the pace of a lightning bolt.He was fast.
He moved with the pace of a lightning bolt.He was slow.
The myth had the credibility of a nun.The myth was highly credible.
The myth had the credibility of a nun.The myth was unreliable.
The myth had the credibility of a crystal meth addict.The myth was unreliable.
The myth had the credibility of a crystal meth addict.The myth was highly credible.
The puzzle had the complexity of a graduate physics course.The puzzle was challenging.
The puzzle had the complexity of a graduate physics course.The puzzle was simple.
The puzzle had the complexity of shampoo instructions.The puzzle was simple.
The puzzle had the complexity of shampoo instructions.The puzzle was challenging.
He has the pace of a sloth.He is very slow.
He has the pace of a sloth.He is very fast.
He has the pace of a racecar.He is very fast.
He has the pace of a racecar.He is very slow.
That puzzle is about as hard as a calculus problem.The puzzle is very difficult.
That puzzle is about as hard as a calculus problem.The puzzle is very easy.
That puzzle is about as hard as a goose down pillow.The puzzle is very easy.
That puzzle is about as hard as a goose down pillow.The puzzle is very difficult.
The sea has the smoothness of glass.The sea is calm and flat.
The sea has the smoothness of glass.The sea is tumultuous/choppy.
The sea has the smoothness of broken glass.The sea is tumultuous/choppy.
The sea has the smoothness of broken glass.The sea is calm and flat.
The cake bas the texture of wax.The cake is tough and rigid.
The cake bas the texture of wax.The cake is soft and airy.
The cake bas the texture of a cloud.The cake is soft and airy.
The cake bas the texture of a cloud.The cake is tough and rigid.
The boat has the steadiness of a horse.The boat is steady.
The boat has the steadiness of a horse.The boat is very jumpy.
The boat has the steadiness of a kangaroo.The boat is very jumpy.
The boat has the steadiness of a kangaroo.The boat is steady.
His pace was as quick as a fox stealing dinner.It was fast.
His pace was as quick as a fox stealing dinner.It was slow.
His pace was as quick as a slug sleeping on a leaf.It was slow.
His pace was as quick as a slug sleeping on a leaf.It was fast.
The myth was as believable as a winning lottery ticket at christmas.It was probably false.
The myth was as believable as a winning lottery ticket at christmas.It was most likely true.
The myth was as believable as a news report.It was most likely true.
The myth was as believable as a news report.It was probably false.
The puzzle was easier than traffic on a saturday afternoon.It was simple.
The puzzle was easier than traffic on a saturday afternoon.It was difficult.
The puzzle was easier than traffic on a monday morning.It was difficult.
The puzzle was easier than traffic on a monday morning.It was simple.
The bird's morning song is as soothing as someone's nails on a chalkboard.The bird's morning song is not soothing and is annoying.
The bird's morning song is as soothing as someone's nails on a chalkboard.The bird's morning song is beautiful and melodic.
The bird's morning song is as soothing as a symphony by bach.The bird's morning song is beautiful and melodic.
The bird's morning song is as soothing as a symphony by bach.The bird's morning song is not soothing and is annoying.
The coloration of the butterfly was like a mud puddle.The butterfly is drab in color.
The coloration of the butterfly was like a mud puddle.The butterfly has many beautiful colors.
The coloration of the butterfly was like a beautiful rainbow.The butterfly has many beautiful colors.
The coloration of the butterfly was like a beautiful rainbow.The butterfly is drab in color.
The report on the factory's environmental impact was that of a report card with all fs.The factory causes major pollution.
The report on the factory's environmental impact was that of a report card with all fs.The factory is clean and does not pollute the environment.
The report on the factory's environmental impact was that of a squeaky clean freshly waxed floor.The factory is clean and does not pollute the environment.
The report on the factory's environmental impact was that of a squeaky clean freshly waxed floor.The factory causes major pollution.
That bird has the wings of a pterodactyl.The bird's wings are large.
That bird has the wings of a pterodactyl.The bird's wings are small.
That bird has the wings of a fly.The bird's wings are small.
That bird has the wings of a fly.The bird's wings are large.
That cat has the claws of a tiger.The cat's claws are large.
That cat has the claws of a tiger.The cat's claws are small.
That cat has the claws of a kitten.The cat's claws are small.
That cat has the claws of a kitten.The cat's claws are large.
That song has the volume level of jet engine.The song is very loud.
That song has the volume level of jet engine.The song is very quiet.
That song has the volume level of mime.The song is very quiet.
That song has the volume level of mime.The song is very loud.
This house is a maze.The house is confusing.
This house is a maze.The house is very safe.
This house is a fort.The house is very safe.
This house is a fort.The house is confusing.
This room feels like the surface of the sun.The room is very hot.
This room feels like the surface of the sun.The room is very cold.
This room might as well be a freezer.The room is very cold.
This room might as well be a freezer.The room is very hot.
The room was as hot as antarctica.The room was not hot.
The room was as hot as antarctica.The room was hot.
The room was as hot as miami in august.The room was hot.
The room was as hot as miami in august.The room was not hot.
The butterfly was as free as a convict.The butterfly was not free.
The butterfly was as free as a convict.The butterfly was free.
The butterfly was as free as a school kid on holiday.The butterfly was free.
The butterfly was as free as a school kid on holiday.The butterfly was not free.
The show was as funny as a case of the crabs.The show was not funny.
The show was as funny as a case of the crabs.The show was funny.
The show was as funny as a tickling marathon.The show was funny.
The show was as funny as a tickling marathon.The show was not funny.
The television screen is a sun.The tv screen is really bright.
The television screen is a sun.The tv screen is really dim.
The television screen is a failing nightlight.The tv screen is really dim.
The television screen is a failing nightlight.The tv screen is really bright.
The leaf is a wooly mammoth.The leaf is really big.
The leaf is a wooly mammoth.The leaf is really small.
The leaf is an ant.The leaf is really small.
The leaf is an ant.The leaf is really big.
The full moon is a white flashlight.The full moon brightens the darkness of night.
The full moon is a white flashlight.The full moon brings about hidden terrors.
The full moon is a beacon of terror.The full moon brings about hidden terrors.
The full moon is a beacon of terror.The full moon brightens the darkness of night.
The tears that flowed down her cheek were fire.The tears are from sadness and born of rage.
The tears that flowed down her cheek were fire.The tears are from love and affection; of value.
The tears that flowed down her cheek were pearls.The tears are from love and affection; of value.
The tears that flowed down her cheek were pearls.The tears are from sadness and born of rage.
The railroad tracks were a string stretching to the horizon.The railroad tracks symbolized the path to one's future into the unknown.
The railroad tracks were a string stretching to the horizon.The expansion of industrialized society meant the death of the past and wilderness.
The railroad tracks were a rope ending in a noose.The expansion of industrialized society meant the death of the past and wilderness.
The railroad tracks were a rope ending in a noose.The railroad tracks symbolized the path to one's future into the unknown.
The movie lasted as long as a reverend reading the entire bible.The movie was long.
The movie lasted as long as a reverend reading the entire bible.The movie was short.
The movie lasted as long as a speed-reader glancing through "red fish, blue fish".The movie was short.
The movie lasted as long as a speed-reader glancing through "red fish, blue fish".The movie was long.
The microwave worked as well as a computer in a cold environment.The microwave worked very well.
The microwave worked as well as a computer in a cold environment.The microwave didn't work well.
The microwave worked as well as a foot powered vehicles.The microwave didn't work well.
The microwave worked as well as a foot powered vehicles.The microwave worked very well.
The speech has the power of a water gun.The speech is lame.
The speech has the power of a water gun.The speech is inspirational.
The speech has the power of the sun.The speech is inspirational.
The speech has the power of the sun.The speech is lame.
I have the will of a sloth.I am lazy.
I have the will of a sloth.I am strong.
I have the will of lion.I am strong.
I have the will of lion.I am lazy.
The game is as fun as a grey park.The game is boring.
The game is as fun as a grey park.The game is fun.
The game is as fun as running in the wild.The game is fun.
The game is as fun as running in the wild.The game is boring.
The young lady was as outgoing as a devout cloistered nun.The young lady is not outgoing.
The young lady was as outgoing as a devout cloistered nun.The young lady is very outgoing.
The young lady was as outgoing as a political candidate on uppers.The young lady is very outgoing.
The young lady was as outgoing as a political candidate on uppers.The young lady is not outgoing.
The gym teacher is as athletic as an arthritic tree sloth.The gym teacher is not athletic.
The gym teacher is as athletic as an arthritic tree sloth.The gym teacher is very athletic.
The gym teacher is as athletic as an olympic marathon runner.The gym teacher is very athletic.
The gym teacher is as athletic as an olympic marathon runner.The gym teacher is not athletic.
The community is as safe as mr. roger's neighborhood.The community is very safe.
The community is as safe as mr. roger's neighborhood.The community is very dangerous.
The community is as safe as the south side of chicago on a saturday night.The community is very dangerous.
The community is as safe as the south side of chicago on a saturday night.The community is very safe.
The water was a mirror.The water was smooth.
The water was a mirror.The water was choppy.
The water was a cauldron.The water was choppy.
The water was a cauldron.The water was smooth.
He was the road's charon.He ferried people back and forth across the road.
He was the road's charon.He halted traffic on the road.
He was the road's moses.He halted traffic on the road.
He was the road's moses.He ferried people back and forth across the road.
I have the face of a movie star.My face is attractive.
I have the face of a movie star.My face is not so attractive.
I have the face of a radio dj.My face is not so attractive.
I have the face of a radio dj.My face is attractive.
Sometimes ideas flow like a raging river.Sometimes ideas come easy.
Sometimes ideas flow like a raging river.Sometimes ideas don't come at all.
Sometimes ideas flow like a stagnant pool.Sometimes ideas don't come at all.
Sometimes ideas flow like a stagnant pool.Sometimes ideas come easy.
That flower smells like a burning tire.That flower smell very bad.
That flower smells like a burning tire.That flower smell really good.
That flower smells like a home cooked meal.That flower smell really good.
That flower smells like a home cooked meal.That flower smell very bad.
The signal was as obvious as a bedbug.The signal was not obvious.
The signal was as obvious as a bedbug.The signal was obvious.
The signal was as obvious as a jumbo jet.The signal was obvious.
The signal was as obvious as a jumbo jet.The signal was not obvious.
He had the face of cartoon villain.He had an ugly face.
He had the face of cartoon villain.He had a handsome face.
He had the face of a movie star.He had a handsome face.
He had the face of a movie star.He had an ugly face.
The cat's nails were as long as the amazon river.The cat's nails were long.
The cat's nails were as long as the amazon river.The cat's nails were really short.
The cat's nails were as long as a grain of rice.The cat's nails were really short.
The cat's nails were as long as a grain of rice.The cat's nails were long.
The cake was as moist as the ocean.The cake was really moist.
The cake was as moist as the ocean.The cake was really dry.
The cake was as moist as the desert.The cake was really dry.
The cake was as moist as the desert.The cake was really moist.
Her touch was colder than jack frost.Her touch was emotionless.
Her touch was colder than jack frost.Her touch was exciting.
Her touch was electric.Her touch was exciting.
Her touch was electric.Her touch was emotionless.
Her singing voice is like nails on a chalkboard.She sings badly.
Her singing voice is like nails on a chalkboard.She sings well.
Her singing voice is like a heavenly choir.She sings well.
Her singing voice is like a heavenly choir.She sings badly.
Those jeans make him look like a rock star.The jeans look good on him.
Those jeans make him look like a rock star.The jeans look bad on him.
Those jeans make him look like a hillbilly.The jeans look bad on him.
Those jeans make him look like a hillbilly.The jeans look good on him.
The castle walls were like a turtle shell.The castle walls were strong.
The castle walls were like a turtle shell.The castle walls were weak.
The castle walls were like an open wound.The castle walls were weak.
The castle walls were like an open wound.The castle walls were strong.
The plane ride felt like we were on a magic carpet.The plane ride was peaceful.
The plane ride felt like we were on a magic carpet.The plane ride was scary.
The plane ride felt like we were on a wild turkey.The plane ride was scary.
The plane ride felt like we were on a wild turkey.The plane ride was peaceful.
The sleeping bag is like a kangaroo pouch.The sleeping bag is comfortable.
The sleeping bag is like a kangaroo pouch.The sleeping bag is uncomfortable.
The sleeping bag is like a scabbard.The sleeping bag is uncomfortable.
The sleeping bag is like a scabbard.The sleeping bag is comfortable.
The earth's society is a melting pot.Earth's society is fluid and easily intermixed.
The earth's society is a melting pot.Earth's divided into isolated cultures and sub-cultures.
The earth's society is a segmented zoo.Earth's divided into isolated cultures and sub-cultures.
The earth's society is a segmented zoo.Earth's society is fluid and easily intermixed.
His lovely voice was an opera.His lovely voice can create mind-blowing forms of artistic expression.
His lovely voice was an opera.His sultry voice can cause an individual to lose their compass.
His lovely voice was a lie.His sultry voice can cause an individual to lose their compass.
His lovely voice was a lie.His lovely voice can create mind-blowing forms of artistic expression.
Social media is a stage.Social media can open many doors of influence and prosperity.
Social media is a stage.Social media can trap an individual and control their livelihood.
Social media is a prison.Social media can trap an individual and control their livelihood.
Social media is a prison.Social media can open many doors of influence and prosperity.
The wizard's touch felt like ice.The wizard's touch felt bad.
The wizard's touch felt like ice.The wizard's touch felt good.
The wizard's touch felt like magic.The wizard's touch felt good.
The wizard's touch felt like magic.The wizard's touch felt bad.
The next city was as far as your next door neighbor.The next city was not far.
The next city was as far as your next door neighbor.The next city was far.
The next city was as far as the moon.The next city was far.
The next city was as far as the moon.The next city was not far.
The jeans were as tight as a second skin.The jeans were tight.
The jeans were as tight as a second skin.The jeans were not tight.
The jeans were as tight as a burlap sack.The jeans were not tight.
The jeans were as tight as a burlap sack.The jeans were tight.
Her touch was as cold as ice.She was heartless.
Her touch was as cold as ice.She was warm.
Her touch was as cold as a stove on high.She was warm.
Her touch was as cold as a stove on high.She was heartless.
The duck was as happy as a kid in a new toy store.It was joyful.
The duck was as happy as a kid in a new toy store.It was sad.
The duck was as happy as a dog that lost his owner.It was sad.
The duck was as happy as a dog that lost his owner.It was joyful.
The dog is a porcupine.The dog is not soft.
The dog is a porcupine.The dog is fluffy and soft.
The dog is a bunny.The dog is fluffy and soft.
The dog is a bunny.The dog is not soft.
The dancer has the depth of a puddle.The dancer is superficial.
The dancer has the depth of a puddle.The dancer is profound.
The dancer has the depth of the mariana trench.The dancer is profound.
The dancer has the depth of the mariana trench.The dancer is superficial.
The oncologist is a lumberjack.The oncologist is clumsy.
The oncologist is a lumberjack.The oncologist is careful.
The oncologist is a ballerina.The oncologist is careful.
The oncologist is a ballerina.The oncologist is clumsy.
Touching the fabric reminded her of skin after a fresh shower.The fabric was soft.
Touching the fabric reminded her of skin after a fresh shower.The fabric texture was rough.
Touching the fabric reminded her of dragging your hand across concrete.The fabric texture was rough.
Touching the fabric reminded her of dragging your hand across concrete.The fabric was soft.
The car in the parking lot was as far as walking from 1st street to 100th street.The car was far away.
The car in the parking lot was as far as walking from 1st street to 100th street.The car was close.
The car in the parking lot was as far as walking from 1st street to 2nd street.The car was close.
The car in the parking lot was as far as walking from 1st street to 2nd street.The car was far away.
The jeans fit the lady like feathers laying down on a duck's back.The jeans fit close tight.
The jeans fit the lady like feathers laying down on a duck's back.The jeans fit loose.
The jeans fit the lady like ruffled feathers on a chicken.The jeans fit loose.
The jeans fit the lady like ruffled feathers on a chicken.The jeans fit close tight.
He is sharp as a tack.He's smart.
He is sharp as a tack.He's not to bright.
He is sharp as a butter knife.He's not to bright.
He is sharp as a butter knife.He's smart.
She sings like a nightingale.She sings beautifully.
She sings like a nightingale.She sings horribly.
She sings like an angry crow.She sings horribly.
She sings like an angry crow.She sings beautifully.
The party was as wild as a barrel of bonobo monkeys.The party was loud and uninhibited.
The party was as wild as a barrel of bonobo monkeys.The party was sedate.
The party was as wild as a trappist monk tea service.The party was sedate.
The party was as wild as a trappist monk tea service.The party was loud and uninhibited.
The way people treat her, it's like she's a celebrity.She's popular.
The way people treat her, it's like she's a celebrity.She's unpopular.
The way people treat her, it's like she's a plague victim.She's unpopular.
The way people treat her, it's like she's a plague victim.She's popular.
Following those instructions is like reading latin.Those instructions are complicated.
Following those instructions is like reading latin.Those instructions are easy.
Following those instructions is like reading dick & jane.Those instructions are easy.
Following those instructions is like reading dick & jane.Those instructions are complicated.
When it comes to empathy, she's on par with mother teresa.She's an empathetic person.
When it comes to empathy, she's on par with mother teresa.She's not an empathetic person.
When it comes to empathy, she's on par with charles manson.She's not an empathetic person.
When it comes to empathy, she's on par with charles manson.She's an empathetic person.
The guy has the emotional depth of a swimming pool.He is emotionally shallow.
The guy has the emotional depth of a swimming pool.He is emotionally deep.
The guy has the emotional depth of the ocean.He is emotionally deep.
The guy has the emotional depth of the ocean.He is emotionally shallow.
His understanding of cars is as deep as a kiddie pool.His understanding of cars is shallow.
His understanding of cars is as deep as a kiddie pool.His understanding of cars is deep.
His understanding of cars is as deep as the ocean.His understanding of cars is deep.
His understanding of cars is as deep as the ocean.His understanding of cars is shallow.
The dog is as light as a feather.The dog is light.
The dog is as light as a feather.The dog is heavy.
The dog is as light as a brick.The dog is heavy.
The dog is as light as a brick.The dog is light.
Half of the pennies in his collection were as dirty as tires on the wall in a goodyear shop.The pennies were very clean.
Half of the pennies in his collection were as dirty as tires on the wall in a goodyear shop.The pennies were dirty.
Half of the pennies in his collection were as dirty as the wheels on a public transportation bus.The pennies were dirty.
Half of the pennies in his collection were as dirty as the wheels on a public transportation bus.The pennies were very clean.
The arrangement of the jewels in the necklace in the display case reminded the woman of the queen's jewels.The necklace looked expensive.
The arrangement of the jewels in the necklace in the display case reminded the woman of the queen's jewels.The necklace looked cheap.
The arrangement of the jewels in the necklace in the display case reminded the woman of cracker jack box jewelry.The necklace looked cheap.
The arrangement of the jewels in the necklace in the display case reminded the woman of cracker jack box jewelry.The necklace looked expensive.
The man enjoyed painting portraits in his garage as much as working in his wood shop in his garage.The man enjoyed creating stuff in his garage.
The man enjoyed painting portraits in his garage as much as working in his wood shop in his garage.The man didn't enjoy being in the garage painting.
The man enjoyed painting portraits in his garage as much as scrubbing oil stains off the floor in his garage.The man didn't enjoy being in the garage painting.
The man enjoyed painting portraits in his garage as much as scrubbing oil stains off the floor in his garage.The man enjoyed creating stuff in his garage.
He's as religious as the pope.He's religious.
He's as religious as the pope.He's not religious.
He's as religious as richard dawkins.He's not religious.
He's as religious as richard dawkins.He's religious.
Your face is as handsome as a painting.Your face is handsome.
Your face is as handsome as a painting.Your face is distorted and strange.
Your face is as handsome as a painting by picasso.Your face is distorted and strange.
Your face is as handsome as a painting by picasso.Your face is handsome.
The party was as classy as buckingham palace.The party was classy.
The party was as classy as buckingham palace.The party was not classy.
The party was as classy as a middle school dance.The party was not classy.
The party was as classy as a middle school dance.The party was classy.
On my throat, the smoke was cotton.The smoke felt soft.
On my throat, the smoke was cotton.The smoke was harsh.
On my throat, the smoke was broken glass.The smoke was harsh.
On my throat, the smoke was broken glass.The smoke felt soft.
His lips were made by davinci.His lips were classic.
His lips were made by davinci.His lips were odd.
His lips were made by picasso.His lips were odd.
His lips were made by picasso.His lips were classic.
The brew smelled of morning dew.The brew smelled fresh and clean.
The brew smelled of morning dew.The brew smelled foul.
The brew smelled of raw sewage.The brew smelled foul.
The brew smelled of raw sewage.The brew smelled fresh and clean.
The country fills the hemisphere.Country is very big.
The country fills the hemisphere.Country is very small.
The country fills crib.Country is very small.
The country fills crib.Country is very big.
This religion is a twitter post.This religion is new and easy to follow.
This religion is a twitter post.This religion is old and hard to follow.
This religion is a colonial law.This religion is old and hard to follow.
This religion is a colonial law.This religion is new and easy to follow.
She painted a poem.She painted something with deep meaning.
She painted a poem.She paited with unseriousness.
She painted a joke.She paited with unseriousness.
She painted a joke.She painted something with deep meaning.
The tea had the strength of a baby.The tea is very weak.
The tea had the strength of a baby.The tea is very strong.
The tea had the strength of a hurricane.The tea is very strong.
The tea had the strength of a hurricane.The tea is very weak.
The song had all the power of a 30 watt bulb.The song is trite.
The song had all the power of a 30 watt bulb.The song is emotional and profound.
The song had all the power of a nuclear plant.The song is emotional and profound.
The song had all the power of a nuclear plant.The song is trite.
The boy was as patient as a monk.The boy was very patient.
The boy was as patient as a monk.The boy was very impatient.
The boy was as patient as a shopper on black friday.The boy was very impatient.
The boy was as patient as a shopper on black friday.The boy was very patient.
If this tea was any hotter it would be lava.The tea is really hot.
If this tea was any hotter it would be lava.The tea is really cold.
If this tea was any hotter it would be ice.The tea is really cold.
If this tea was any hotter it would be ice.The tea is really hot.
The waiting room was no different than the dmv on a weekend morning.The waiting room was filled and packed with people.
The waiting room was no different than the dmv on a weekend morning.The waiting room was empty and barely had any people.
The waiting room was no different than a library at midnight.The waiting room was empty and barely had any people.
The waiting room was no different than a library at midnight.The waiting room was filled and packed with people.
The movie theater was essentially a sauna.The movie theater was hot.
The movie theater was essentially a sauna.The movie theater was cold.
The movie theater was essentially a a freezer.The movie theater was cold.
The movie theater was essentially a a freezer.The movie theater was hot.
The artist has the talent of a blob of jello.The artist is untalented.
The artist has the talent of a blob of jello.The artist is very talented.
The artist has the talent of a million renaissance painters.The artist is very talented.
The artist has the talent of a million renaissance painters.The artist is untalented.
The dog is as disciplined as a wild boar.The dog is wild and untrained.
The dog is as disciplined as a wild boar.The dog is very well trained.
The dog is as disciplined as a classically trained ballerina.The dog is very well trained.
The dog is as disciplined as a classically trained ballerina.The dog is wild and untrained.
The girl is a dull knife.The girl is boring or dumb.
The girl is a dull knife.The girl is beautiful.
The girl is a sparkling diamond.The girl is beautiful.
The girl is a sparkling diamond.The girl is boring or dumb.
The tea had the strength of a kicking mule.The tea was strong.
The tea had the strength of a kicking mule.The tea was weak.
The tea had the strength of a limp handshake.The tea was weak.
The tea had the strength of a limp handshake.The tea was strong.
The nurse had the patience of a saint.The nurse was patient.
The nurse had the patience of a saint.The nurse was impatient.
The nurse had the patience of a toddler.The nurse was impatient.
The nurse had the patience of a toddler.The nurse was patient.
It was hot like the sun.It was very hot.
It was hot like the sun.It was cold.
It was hot like ice.It was cold.
It was hot like ice.It was very hot.
He guided her like a lighthouse.He was a good guide.
He guided her like a lighthouse.He was a terrible guide.
He guided her like a broken gps.He was a terrible guide.
He guided her like a broken gps.He was a good guide.
He was curious like a cat.He was very curious.
He was curious like a cat.He wasn't curious at all.
He was curious like a sloth.He wasn't curious at all.
He was curious like a sloth.He was very curious.
The speech had all the power of a bolt of lightning.The speech was engaging and provoking.
The speech had all the power of a bolt of lightning.The speech was uninteresting and dull.
The speech had all the power of a static shock.The speech was uninteresting and dull.
The speech had all the power of a static shock.The speech was engaging and provoking.
The driver was as patient as an alligator on the hunt.The driver was calm and collected.
The driver was as patient as an alligator on the hunt.The driver was agitated.
The driver was as patient as a toddler on christmas morning.The driver was agitated.
The driver was as patient as a toddler on christmas morning.The driver was calm and collected.
The decision had all the clarity of a dark brew of milky morning tea.The decision was confusing.
The decision had all the clarity of a dark brew of milky morning tea.The decision was clear.
The decision had all the clarity of a fresh glass of spring water.The decision was clear.
The decision had all the clarity of a fresh glass of spring water.The decision was confusing.
The power is a devil's stick.Power make you do evil things.
The power is a devil's stick.Power makes you do good things.
The power is a magical box.Power makes you do good things.
The power is a magical box.Power make you do evil things.
Her boyfriend is always under the skirt.Her boyfriend is always cheating.
Her boyfriend is always under the skirt.Her boyfriend is loyal.
Her boyfriend is a daddy's hand.Her boyfriend is loyal.
Her boyfriend is a daddy's hand.Her boyfriend is always cheating.
The power plant put out the energy of a hyperactive kid after eating a pixie stick.The power plant put out a lot of energy.
The power plant put out the energy of a hyperactive kid after eating a pixie stick.The power plant put out very little energy.
The power plant put out the energy of a drowsy turtle with a hangover.The power plant put out very little energy.
The power plant put out the energy of a drowsy turtle with a hangover.The power plant put out a lot of energy.
She had the vitamin deficiency of a sailor who spent months at sea.She had a bad vitamin deficiency.
She had the vitamin deficiency of a sailor who spent months at sea.She was not vitamin deficient.
She had the vitamin deficiency of a health freak who just downed a bottle of health supplements.She was not vitamin deficient.
She had the vitamin deficiency of a health freak who just downed a bottle of health supplements.She had a bad vitamin deficiency.
The construction was as disastrous as the 1981 musical cats.The construction wasn't a disaster.
The construction was as disastrous as the 1981 musical cats.The construction was a big disaster.
The construction was as disastrous as the 2019 film based on the musical cats.The construction was a big disaster.
The construction was as disastrous as the 2019 film based on the musical cats.The construction wasn't a disaster.
Jacob's novel has the depth of a kiddie pool.The book is boring.
Jacob's novel has the depth of a kiddie pool.The book is inspiring.
Jacob's novel has the depth of the ocean.The book is inspiring.
Jacob's novel has the depth of the ocean.The book is boring.
He's a game of diplomacy.He's manipulative.
He's a game of diplomacy.He's blunt.
He's a game of risk.He's blunt.
He's a game of risk.He's manipulative.
She's a game of cards against humanity.She's outspoken.
She's a game of cards against humanity.She's subtle.
She's a game of magic: the gathering.She's subtle.
She's a game of magic: the gathering.She's outspoken.
He is a history book.He's complicated.
He is a history book.He's simple.
He is a children's book.He's simple.
He is a children's book.He's complicated.
That kid treats his cookies like a spendthrift treats his money.The child wastefully uses his cookies.
That kid treats his cookies like a spendthrift treats his money.The child carefully uses his cookies.
That kid treats his cookies like a miser treats his money.The child carefully uses his cookies.
That kid treats his cookies like a miser treats his money.The child wastefully uses his cookies.
That song was a lovely as a morning songbird's call.The song was pleasing to hear.
That song was a lovely as a morning songbird's call.The song was displeasing to hear.
That song was a lovely as a rutting cat's yowl.The song was displeasing to hear.
That song was a lovely as a rutting cat's yowl.The song was pleasing to hear.
That political speech was as exciting as a pep rally.The political speech was exciting.
That political speech was as exciting as a pep rally.The political speech was dull.
That political speech was as exciting as a book club meeting.The political speech was dull.
That political speech was as exciting as a book club meeting.The political speech was exciting.
The man has the personality of a raging bull.The man is aggresive.
The man has the personality of a raging bull.The man is cowardly.
The man has the personality of a doormouse.The man is cowardly.
The man has the personality of a doormouse.The man is aggresive.
The classroom is run like like boot camp.The business is strict.
The classroom is run like like boot camp.The business is chaotic.
The classroom is run like a kindergarten.The business is chaotic.
The classroom is run like a kindergarten.The business is strict.
The football player is a galloping gazelle.The football player is fast.
The football player is a galloping gazelle.The football player is slow.
The football player is a stumbling tortoise.The football player is slow.
The football player is a stumbling tortoise.The football player is fast.
He was as skilled a thief as arsene lupin.He was a skilled thief.
He was as skilled a thief as arsene lupin.He was a bumbling, incompetent thief.
He was as skilled a thief as the hamburglar.He was a bumbling, incompetent thief.
He was as skilled a thief as the hamburglar.He was a skilled thief.
This is as factual as a history book.This is factual.
This is as factual as a history book.This is not factual.
This is as factual as a fairy tale.This is not factual.
This is as factual as a fairy tale.This is factual.
That guy's as square as a box.That guy's square.
That guy's as square as a box.That guy's not square at all.
That guy's as square as a globe.That guy's not square at all.
That guy's as square as a globe.That guy's square.
This storm is like a jilted girlfriend.This storm is angry and violent.
This storm is like a jilted girlfriend.This storm is calm.
This storm is like an afternoon nap.This storm is calm.
This storm is like an afternoon nap.This storm is angry and violent.
His shirt is like a toddler banging a drum.His shirt is loud.
His shirt is like a toddler banging a drum.His shirt is dull.
His shirt is like a kindergarten class at naptime.His shirt is dull.
His shirt is like a kindergarten class at naptime.His shirt is loud.
My pillow is soft like a hamster.My pillow is very soft.
My pillow is soft like a hamster.My pillow is hard.
My pillow is soft like a 2x4.My pillow is hard.
My pillow is soft like a 2x4.My pillow is very soft.
Knowledge is a weapon.Knowledge can be used to attack others.
Knowledge is a weapon.Knowledge can be used to protect oneself.
Knowledge is a shield.Knowledge can be used to protect oneself.
Knowledge is a shield.Knowledge can be used to attack others.
The thought was a block of lead.The thought felt heavy/serious.
The thought was a block of lead.The thought felt light/silly.
The thought was a block of feathers.The thought felt light/silly.
The thought was a block of feathers.The thought felt heavy/serious.
Her eyes were pools of light.She looked approachable/attractive.
Her eyes were pools of light.She looked hostile/angry.
Her eyes were chips of stone.She looked hostile/angry.
Her eyes were chips of stone.She looked approachable/attractive.
The space heater felt like it was the physical manifestation of the devil.The space heater felt excessively hot.
The space heater felt like it was the physical manifestation of the devil.The space heater felt like it wasn't putting out any heat at all.
The space heater felt like it was an abandoned house in the winter with no windows.The space heater felt like it wasn't putting out any heat at all.
The space heater felt like it was an abandoned house in the winter with no windows.The space heater felt excessively hot.
The cat's fur looked like it got into a fight with a roomba and lost.The cat's fur looked like it was cut uneven and looks awful.
The cat's fur looked like it got into a fight with a roomba and lost.The cat's fur looked very fluffy.
The cat's fur looked like it had been inside the dryer on high.The cat's fur looked very fluffy.
The cat's fur looked like it had been inside the dryer on high.The cat's fur looked like it was cut uneven and looks awful.
The energy soda tasted like drinking the acid out of a car battery.The energy soda tasted digusting and possibly acidic.
The energy soda tasted like drinking the acid out of a car battery.The energy soda tasted like it was working and making me move faster.
The energy soda tasted like i was drinking the essence of a cheetah.The energy soda tasted like it was working and making me move faster.
The energy soda tasted like i was drinking the essence of a cheetah.The energy soda tasted digusting and possibly acidic.
There's movement in here like a senior center.There's no movement at all.
There's movement in here like a senior center.There's plenty movement in here.
There's movement in here like a dance class.There's plenty movement in here.
There's movement in here like a dance class.There's no movement at all.
Your chances of survival in there are like living in space without a helmet.Chances of survival are slim.
Your chances of survival in there are like living in space without a helmet.Chances of survival are very high.
Your chances of survival in there are like living in qatar.Chances of survival are very high.
Your chances of survival in there are like living in qatar.Chances of survival are slim.
This place is as popular as disneyland.The place is very popular.
This place is as popular as disneyland.The place isn't popular at all.
This place is as popular as tuvalu.The place isn't popular at all.
This place is as popular as tuvalu.The place is very popular.
He's as good of a catch as a spring salmon.He's a good catch.
He's as good of a catch as a spring salmon.He's not a good catch.
He's as good of a catch as a dead trout.He's not a good catch.
He's as good of a catch as a dead trout.He's a good catch.
My lifestyle is as physical as an olympic athlete.My lifestyle is physical.
My lifestyle is as physical as an olympic athlete.My lifestyle is not physical.
My lifestyle is as physical as a slug.My lifestyle is not physical.
My lifestyle is as physical as a slug.My lifestyle is physical.
Their passion was as hot as a fire tornado.Their passion was intense.
Their passion was as hot as a fire tornado.Their passion was bland.
Their passion was as hot as melted popsicle.Their passion was bland.
Their passion was as hot as melted popsicle.Their passion was intense.
He jumped as high as the moon.He jumped extremely high.
He jumped as high as the moon.He jumped pretty low.
He jumped as high as his deflated aspirations.He jumped pretty low.
He jumped as high as his deflated aspirations.He jumped extremely high.
The book was deep as the grand canyon.The book was profound.
The book was deep as the grand canyon.The book was shallow.
The book was deep as a puddle.The book was shallow.
The book was deep as a puddle.The book was profound.
The can had the magnetic pull of a popular, single girl at a high school dance.The can was very magnetic.
The can had the magnetic pull of a popular, single girl at a high school dance.The can did not have much magnetic attention.
The can had the magnetic pull of president barack obama to president donald trump.The can did not have much magnetic attention.
The can had the magnetic pull of president barack obama to president donald trump.The can was very magnetic.
The plot of the movie was as thin as an anorexic person.The plot of the movie was thin.
The plot of the movie was as thin as an anorexic person.The plot of the movie was complex.
The plot of the movie was as thin as the way an anorexic person sees themselves.The plot of the movie was complex.
The plot of the movie was as thin as the way an anorexic person sees themselves.The plot of the movie was thin.
The drink had the alcohol content of a bottle of fermented absinthe.The drink had a lot of alcohol.
The drink had the alcohol content of a bottle of fermented absinthe.The drink was alcohol free.
The drink had the alcohol content of a school lunch milk.The drink was alcohol free.
The drink had the alcohol content of a school lunch milk.The drink had a lot of alcohol.
The instructions are a clear as the other side of the dressing room "mirror".The instructions are easy to understand.
The instructions are a clear as the other side of the dressing room "mirror".The instructions are complicated.
The instructions are a clear as cooperate tax law.The instructions are complicated.
The instructions are a clear as cooperate tax law.The instructions are easy to understand.
The policy is as useful as a disability at disneyland.The policy is useful.
The policy is as useful as a disability at disneyland.The policy is pointless.
The policy is as useful as vacuuming the front lawn.The policy is pointless.
The policy is as useful as vacuuming the front lawn.The policy is useful.
The fundraiser is as important as seatbelts on a school bus.The fundraiser is not important.
The fundraiser is as important as seatbelts on a school bus.The fundraiser is important.
The fundraiser is as important as a tornado siren in kansas.The fundraiser is important.
The fundraiser is as important as a tornado siren in kansas.The fundraiser is not important.
Their game catch lasted as long as a lightning flash.Their game catch did not last long.
Their game catch lasted as long as a lightning flash.Their game catch lasted a long time.
Their game catch lasted as long as the ice age.Their game catch lasted a long time.
Their game catch lasted as long as the ice age.Their game catch did not last long.
His health is as good as a newborn babies.His health is good.
His health is as good as a newborn babies.His health is not good.
His health is as good as a 100-year-old.His health is not good.
His health is as good as a 100-year-old.His health is good.
The magnetic field was as strong as a kitten.The magnetic field was not strong.
The magnetic field was as strong as a kitten.The magnetic field was strong.
The magnetic field was as strong as a tiger.The magnetic field was strong.
The magnetic field was as strong as a tiger.The magnetic field was not strong.
His physical prowess was that of an eighty-pound weakling.He is diminutive and weak.
His physical prowess was that of an eighty-pound weakling.He is big and strong.
His physical prowess was that of a heavy-weight boxer.He is big and strong.
His physical prowess was that of a heavy-weight boxer.He is diminutive and weak.
The pest trap is rated to be as effective as that of a butterfly in a hurricane.The trap is poorly rated and ineffective.
The pest trap is rated to be as effective as that of a butterfly in a hurricane.The trap is highly rated and effective.
The pest trap is rated to be as effective as that of a hot knife going through a stick of margarine.The trap is highly rated and effective.
The pest trap is rated to be as effective as that of a hot knife going through a stick of margarine.The trap is poorly rated and ineffective.
She kept her life as private as a vault.She was a private person.
She kept her life as private as a vault.She was not a private person.
She kept her life as private as an extroverted 5 years old.She was not a private person.
She kept her life as private as an extroverted 5 years old.She was a private person.
Their victory was about as expected as rain in april.Their victory was expected.
Their victory was about as expected as rain in april.Their victory was not expected.
Their victory was about as expected as snow in july.Their victory was not expected.
Their victory was about as expected as snow in july.Their victory was expected.
Our health class was about as informative as a sex encyclopedia.Health class was informative.
Our health class was about as informative as a sex encyclopedia.Health class was not informative.
Our health class was about as informative as a blank journal.Health class was not informative.
Our health class was about as informative as a blank journal.Health class was informative.
The private lounge at the airport reminded her of the christmas display at marshall fields.The private sound was professional and luxurious.
The private lounge at the airport reminded her of the christmas display at marshall fields.The private lounge was amateur.
The private lounge at the airport reminded her of a child's illustration of a christmas tree.The private lounge was amateur.
The private lounge at the airport reminded her of a child's illustration of a christmas tree.The private sound was professional and luxurious.
The man was a certain of his victory as he was certain of his name.The man was sure to win.
The man was a certain of his victory as he was certain of his name.Winning was not guaranteed.
The man was a certain of his victory as he was certain of his last day on earth.Winning was not guaranteed.
The man was a certain of his victory as he was certain of his last day on earth.The man was sure to win.
The health of the pet was like rain in april.The pet's health was predictable.
The health of the pet was like rain in april.The pet's health was erratic.
The health of the pet was like weather in october.The pet's health was erratic.
The health of the pet was like weather in october.The pet's health was predictable.
The soldier was as brave as a wild horse.It was confident.
The soldier was as brave as a wild horse.It was shy.
The soldier was as brave as a turtle out of its shell.It was shy.
The soldier was as brave as a turtle out of its shell.It was confident.
The chips was as salty as an ex wife after a divorce.It was filled with salt.
The chips was as salty as an ex wife after a divorce.It had no flavor.
The chips was as salty as a bowl of ice cream.It had no flavor.
The chips was as salty as a bowl of ice cream.It was filled with salt.
The sky was as blue as a swimming pool.It was very blueish.
The sky was as blue as a swimming pool.It wasn't blue at all.
The sky was as blue as the desert sand.It wasn't blue at all.
The sky was as blue as the desert sand.It was very blueish.
My husband is walking treasure.My husband has lot of money.
My husband is walking treasure.My husband has no money.
My husband is empty locker.My husband has no money.
My husband is empty locker.My husband has lot of money.
His victory was a cake walk.His victory was easy.
His victory was a cake walk.His victory was very difficult.
His victory was breaking into rocks.His victory was very difficult.
His victory was breaking into rocks.His victory was easy.
This app has the privacy of the federal reserve.The app's security is air-tight.
This app has the privacy of the federal reserve.The app's security is beyond poor.
This app has the privacy of a public bathroom with broken doors.The app's security is beyond poor.
This app has the privacy of a public bathroom with broken doors.The app's security is air-tight.
Their victory had the strength of a thousand athletes.Their victory is that of champions.
Their victory had the strength of a thousand athletes.Their victory was so small it's negligible.
Their victory had the strength of an ant with broken legs.Their victory was so small it's negligible.
Their victory had the strength of an ant with broken legs.Their victory is that of champions.
He was as healthy as a man who eats his wheaties.His health is excellent.
He was as healthy as a man who eats his wheaties.His health is poor.
He was as healthy as a chain-smoker.His health is poor.
He was as healthy as a chain-smoker.His health is excellent.
The moment is a tsunami.The moment is imporant.
The moment is a tsunami.The moment is boring.
The moment is a low tide.The moment is boring.
The moment is a low tide.The moment is imporant.
The press release is a whale.The press release is important.
The press release is a whale.The press release is minor.
The press release is a minnow.The press release is minor.
The press release is a minnow.The press release is important.
The new planet was a rock and roll song.The planet was vibrantly large.
The new planet was a rock and roll song.The planet was small.
The new planet was a jingle.The planet was small.
The new planet was a jingle.The planet was vibrantly large.
The pimple was as big as a bus.The pimple is bigger than normal.
The pimple was as big as a bus.The pimple is tiny.
The pimple was as big as a microbe.The pimple is tiny.
The pimple was as big as a microbe.The pimple is bigger than normal.
The moment seemed as long as an eyeblink.The moment seemed short.
The moment seemed as long as an eyeblink.The moment seemed long.
The moment seemed as long as the ice age.The moment seemed long.
The moment seemed as long as the ice age.The moment seemed short.
The piece's aesthetic was like a two year olds.The piece's aesthetic was bad.
The piece's aesthetic was like a two year olds.The piece's aesthetic was good.
The piece's aesthetic was like like picasso.The piece's aesthetic was good.
The piece's aesthetic was like like picasso.The piece's aesthetic was bad.
She pressed the button with the force of a fly.She pressed the button softly.
She pressed the button with the force of a fly.She pressed the button hard.
She pressed the button with the force of atlas.She pressed the button hard.
She pressed the button with the force of atlas.She pressed the button softly.
The girl is an apple pie.The girl is laidback and casual.
The girl is an apple pie.The girl is high-maintenance.
The girl is a gluten-free vegan non-dairy dessert.The girl is high-maintenance.
The girl is a gluten-free vegan non-dairy dessert.The girl is laidback and casual.
The class is as loud as a boombox.The class is very loud.
The class is as loud as a boombox.The class is very quiet.
The class is as loud as a forest.The class is very quiet.
The class is as loud as a forest.The class is very loud.
The book was as heavy as a dumbbell.The book was heavy.
The book was as heavy as a dumbbell.The book was light.
The book was as heavy as a feather.The book was light.
The book was as heavy as a feather.The book was heavy.
The soup was as hot as a flame.The soup was hot.
The soup was as hot as a flame.The soup was cold.
The soup was as hot as an ice cube.The soup was cold.
The soup was as hot as an ice cube.The soup was hot.
The workout lasted as long as my childhood.The workout was very long.
The workout lasted as long as my childhood.The workout was quick.
The workout lasted as long as a snap.The workout was quick.
The workout lasted as long as a snap.The workout was very long.
It was as comforting as a bandaid.It was very comforting.
It was as comforting as a bandaid.It was not comforting.
It was as comforting as a alcohol pad.It was not comforting.
It was as comforting as a alcohol pad.It was very comforting.
The guy was as mysterious as a magician.The man was very mysterious.
The guy was as mysterious as a magician.The man was not mysterious.
The guy was as mysterious as a blabbermouth.The man was not mysterious.
The guy was as mysterious as a blabbermouth.The man was very mysterious.
The press were as focused as a kid with adhd learning about the american expansion to the west.The press were unfocused.
The press were as focused as a kid with adhd learning about the american expansion to the west.The press were extremely focused.
The press were as focused as a young boy discovering pornography for the first time.The press were extremely focused.
The press were as focused as a young boy discovering pornography for the first time.The press were unfocused.
He experienced the pain of pinhead after he got his needles put in.He experienced a lot of pain.
He experienced the pain of pinhead after he got his needles put in.He experienced no pain.
He experienced the pain of a woman stepping on the soft end of a feather with shoes on.He experienced no pain.
He experienced the pain of a woman stepping on the soft end of a feather with shoes on.He experienced a lot of pain.
She had the virginity of a nun wearing a chastity belt.She was very much a virgin.
She had the virginity of a nun wearing a chastity belt.She was not at all a virgin.
She had the virginity of a playboy trapped on an island of curious women.She was not at all a virgin.
She had the virginity of a playboy trapped on an island of curious women.She was very much a virgin.
Their friendship was as brittle as a old glass.The friendship was delicate.
Their friendship was as brittle as a old glass.The friendship was strong.
Their friendship was as brittle as stone.The friendship was strong.
Their friendship was as brittle as stone.The friendship was delicate.
Their relationship was full of passion like a burning fire.Their love is intense and exciting.
Their relationship was full of passion like a burning fire.Their relationship was boring and dull.
Their relationship was full of passion like a dead horse.Their relationship was boring and dull.
Their relationship was full of passion like a dead horse.Their love is intense and exciting.
The broken fingernail was as brittle as peppermint candy.The fingernail snapped.
The broken fingernail was as brittle as peppermint candy.The fingernail was flexible.
The broken fingernail was as brittle as now and later candies.The fingernail was flexible.
The broken fingernail was as brittle as now and later candies.The fingernail snapped.
Her husband had as much passion as the ocean had water.Her husband had tons of passion.
Her husband had as much passion as the ocean had water.Passion was in short supply.
Her husband had as much passion as a thimble holds water.Passion was in short supply.
Her husband had as much passion as a thimble holds water.Her husband had tons of passion.
The atmosphere at the party was as electric as a city block on christmas eve.There was lots of electricity in use.
The atmosphere at the party was as electric as a city block on christmas eve.It was as dark as the deserted desert.
The atmosphere at the party was as electric as a highway 40 miles outside of vegas.It was as dark as the deserted desert.
The atmosphere at the party was as electric as a highway 40 miles outside of vegas.There was lots of electricity in use.
His intelligence was as high as a kite.He is very smart.
His intelligence was as high as a kite.He is very dumb.
His intelligence was as high as an ant.He is very dumb.
His intelligence was as high as an ant.He is very smart.
His hair was as thick as a lion's mane.His hair is thick.
His hair was as thick as a lion's mane.His hair is thin.
His hair was as thick as water.His hair is thin.
His hair was as thick as water.His hair is thick.
The water tastes like an old boiled egg.The water tastes badly.
The water tastes like an old boiled egg.The water is refreshing.
The water tastes like spring shower.The water is refreshing.
The water tastes like spring shower.The water tastes badly.
He was small like a bug.He was very small.
He was small like a bug.He was large.
He was small like a mountain.He was large.
He was small like a mountain.He was very small.
It was as sad as a funeral.It was very sad.
It was as sad as a funeral.It wasn't sad at all.
It was as sad as a comedy show.It wasn't sad at all.
It was as sad as a comedy show.It was very sad.
My job is a vampire.My job sucks the life of me.
My job is a vampire.My job is restorative/rejuvenating.
My job is a day spa.My job is restorative/rejuvenating.
My job is a day spa.My job sucks the life of me.
He had the temperment of a ballistic missile.He was a hothead.
He had the temperment of a ballistic missile.He was calm and patient.
He had the temperment of a sunday school teacher.He was calm and patient.
He had the temperment of a sunday school teacher.He was a hothead.
Her addiction was a blanket.Her addiction was warm and comforting.
Her addiction was a blanket.Her addiction was destructive.
Her addiction was a tornado.Her addiction was destructive.
Her addiction was a tornado.Her addiction was warm and comforting.
He keeps a secret like a dead man.He doesn't tell people's secrets.
He keeps a secret like a dead man.He tells everybody people's secrets.
He keeps a secret like gossiping neighbor.He tells everybody people's secrets.
He keeps a secret like gossiping neighbor.He doesn't tell people's secrets.
Lately the stock market has been moving like a sinking ship.Lately the stock market has been falling in value.
Lately the stock market has been moving like a sinking ship.Lately the stock market has been going up in value.
Lately the stock market has been moving like helium balloon.Lately the stock market has been going up in value.
Lately the stock market has been moving like helium balloon.Lately the stock market has been falling in value.
The consumer was as happy as an old man in an antique shop.The consumer was really happy.
The consumer was as happy as an old man in an antique shop.The consumer was sad and disappointed.
The consumer was as happy as a bear without honey.The consumer was sad and disappointed.
The consumer was as happy as a bear without honey.The consumer was really happy.
I need some peace as badly as i need oxygen.I need peace badly.
I need some peace as badly as i need oxygen.I don't need peace.
I need some peace as badly as i need a bullet in my head.I don't need peace.
I need some peace as badly as i need a bullet in my head.I need peace badly.
She kept her frustration hidden like an atom bomb explosion.She did not hide her frustration well.
She kept her frustration hidden like an atom bomb explosion.She hid her frustration well.
She kept her frustration hidden like invisible ink.She hid her frustration well.
She kept her frustration hidden like invisible ink.She did not hide her frustration well.
The joke went over like a stink bomb in church.The joke was poorly received.
The joke went over like a stink bomb in church.Everyone laughed at the joke.
The joke went over like a funny bone on steroids.Everyone laughed at the joke.
The joke went over like a funny bone on steroids.The joke was poorly received.
My father is essentially stalin.My father is strict and evil.
My father is essentially stalin.My father is easy-going.
My father is essentially john lennon.My father is easy-going.
My father is essentially john lennon.My father is strict and evil.
The car had the spaciousness of a mansion.The car was very spacious.
The car had the spaciousness of a mansion.The car was not spacious and was cramped.
The car had the spaciousness of a fish tank.The car was not spacious and was cramped.
The car had the spaciousness of a fish tank.The car was very spacious.
The car's fuel consumption is that of a thirsty marathon runner.The car consumes a lot of gas quickly.
The car's fuel consumption is that of a thirsty marathon runner.The car does not consume a lot of gas and conserves energy quite well.
The car's fuel consumption is that of a camel.The car does not consume a lot of gas and conserves energy quite well.
The car's fuel consumption is that of a camel.The car consumes a lot of gas quickly.
The country was as peaceful as wrestlemania.The country was not peaceful.
The country was as peaceful as wrestlemania.The country was peaceful.
The country was as peaceful as a sleeping koala.The country was peaceful.
The country was as peaceful as a sleeping koala.The country was not peaceful.
Opening the box was as easy as relativity theory.Opening the box was not easy.
Opening the box was as easy as relativity theory.Opening the box was easy.
Opening the box was as easy as sitting in a comfy chair.Opening the box was easy.
Opening the box was as easy as sitting in a comfy chair.Opening the box was not easy.
The hole was as deep as a tunnel to china.The hole was deep.
The hole was as deep as a tunnel to china.The hole was not deep.
The hole was as deep as a wading pool.The hole was not deep.
The hole was as deep as a wading pool.The hole was deep.
The woman's teeth were sharp daggers.The woman's mouth can destroy with either word or teeth.
The woman's teeth were sharp daggers.The woman's mouth could heal and instruct.
The woman's teeth were paper.The woman's mouth could heal and instruct.
The woman's teeth were paper.The woman's mouth can destroy with either word or teeth.
My spouse is a dragon.My spouse is terrifying and capable of destruction.
My spouse is a dragon.My spouse is innocent and must be protected.
My spouse is a lamb.My spouse is innocent and must be protected.
My spouse is a lamb.My spouse is terrifying and capable of destruction.
His eyes were firelies.His eye's lit the room even piercing the darkness.
His eyes were firelies.His eye's were black and lifeless.
His eyes were coal.His eye's were black and lifeless.
His eyes were coal.His eye's lit the room even piercing the darkness.
The world had the peace of the planet a decade after the asteroid killed the dinosaurs.The world was very peaceful.
The world had the peace of the planet a decade after the asteroid killed the dinosaurs.The world was not peaceful.
The world had the peace of the world in the early 1940s.The world was not peaceful.
The world had the peace of the world in the early 1940s.The world was very peaceful.
The food had the flavor of a tray of pigs in a blanket fresh from the oven.The food tasted good.
The food had the flavor of a tray of pigs in a blanket fresh from the oven.The food didn't taste so good.
The food had the flavor of a herd of pigs in blankets fresh from the swamp.The food didn't taste so good.
The food had the flavor of a herd of pigs in blankets fresh from the swamp.The food tasted good.
He received the praise of steven spielberg throughout his career.He received a lot of praise.
He received the praise of steven spielberg throughout his career.He received a lot of scorn.
He received the praise of ed wood throughout his career.He received a lot of scorn.
He received the praise of ed wood throughout his career.He received a lot of praise.
The diplomatic efforts ensure the peace will last like that of a gnat's lifespan.The peace is not going to last very long.
The diplomatic efforts ensure the peace will last like that of a gnat's lifespan.The peace is lasting and will be peaceful for a long time.
The diplomatic efforts ensure the peace will last like that of an eternal flame.The peace is lasting and will be peaceful for a long time.
The diplomatic efforts ensure the peace will last like that of an eternal flame.The peace is not going to last very long.
The man is able to control his frustration like that of a spoiled child.The man is throwing a tantrum and can not control his frustration.
The man is able to control his frustration like that of a spoiled child.The man is calm and can overcome his frustration.
The man is able to control his frustration like that of a tibetan guru.The man is calm and can overcome his frustration.
The man is able to control his frustration like that of a tibetan guru.The man is throwing a tantrum and can not control his frustration.
The television commercial possessed the humor of a very sad funeral.The commercial is not funny or humorous.
The television commercial possessed the humor of a very sad funeral.The commercial is hilarious and funny.
The television commercial possessed the humor of a popular primetime situation comedy.The commercial is hilarious and funny.
The television commercial possessed the humor of a popular primetime situation comedy.The commercial is not funny or humorous.
The peace lasted as much as a formal hug.The peace was very fleeting.
The peace lasted as much as a formal hug.The peace lasted for a long time.
The peace lasted as much as eternity.The peace lasted for a long time.
The peace lasted as much as eternity.The peace was very fleeting.
The teacher's speech was as a chasm.The teacher's speech was profound.
The teacher's speech was as a chasm.The teacher's speech was boring.
The teacher's speech was dull as a butter knife.The teacher's speech was boring.
The teacher's speech was dull as a butter knife.The teacher's speech was profound.
Her attempt at disguise makes her invisible.Her disguise is very effective.
Her attempt at disguise makes her invisible.Her disguise is very noticeable and conspicuous.
Her attempt at disguise makes her appear as a stop sign.Her disguise is very noticeable and conspicuous.
Her attempt at disguise makes her appear as a stop sign.Her disguise is very effective.
The river is flowing like a rocket.The river is flowing very fast.
The river is flowing like a rocket.The river is flowing very slow.
The river is flowing like molasses.The river is flowing very slow.
The river is flowing like molasses.The river is flowing very fast.
This homework is as hard as a chunk of iron.The homework is difficult.
This homework is as hard as a chunk of iron.The homework is easy.
This homework is as hard as a marshmallow.The homework is easy.
This homework is as hard as a marshmallow.The homework is difficult.
This oatmeal is as hot as the surface of the sun.The oatmeal is very hot.
This oatmeal is as hot as the surface of the sun.The oatmeal is cold.
This oatmeal is as hot as the milk in the refrigerator.The oatmeal is cold.
This oatmeal is as hot as the milk in the refrigerator.The oatmeal is very hot.
The car is a rocket.The car is fast.
The car is a rocket.The car is slow.
The car is a snail.The car is slow.
The car is a snail.The car is fast.
Her hair is snow.Her hair is white.
Her hair is snow.Her hair is brown.
Her hair is chocolate.Her hair is brown.
Her hair is chocolate.Her hair is white.
Love is a long journey.Love is long-term.
Love is a long journey.Love is short-term.
Love is a short walk.Love is short-term.
Love is a short walk.Love is long-term.
Strength and dignity are her clothing.Her strength is shown on the outside.
Strength and dignity are her clothing.Her strength is deeper than what is seen on the outside.
Strength and dignity are her bare body.Her strength is deeper than what is seen on the outside.
Strength and dignity are her bare body.Her strength is shown on the outside.
Love is a boulder.Love is strong and stable.
Love is a boulder.Love is easily lost.
Love is a rolling pebble.Love is easily lost.
Love is a rolling pebble.Love is strong and stable.
The image had all the color of a holy festival.The image was colorful.
The image had all the color of a holy festival.The image was not colorful.
The image had all the color of a funeral.The image was not colorful.
The image had all the color of a funeral.The image was colorful.
The plane should be in the air by two shakes of a dog's tail.The plane will take off soon.
The plane should be in the air by two shakes of a dog's tail.The plane will not take off soon.
The plane should be in the air by next christmas.The plane will not take off soon.
The plane should be in the air by next christmas.The plane will take off soon.
The dessert tasted like sewage.The dessert tasted bad.
The dessert tasted like sewage.The dessert tasted good.
The dessert tasted like a birthday cake.The dessert tasted good.
The dessert tasted like a birthday cake.The dessert tasted bad.
The image from the camera appears like a blurry cloud.The image is blurry.
The image from the camera appears like a blurry cloud.The image is sharp and detailed.
The image from the camera appears like a detailed machine drawing.The image is sharp and detailed.
The image from the camera appears like a detailed machine drawing.The image is blurry.
The poetry is written like that of a limerick on a restroom wall.The poetry is poorly written.
The poetry is written like that of a limerick on a restroom wall.The poetry is orderly and well-written.
The poetry is written like that of a  shakespearean sonnet.The poetry is orderly and well-written.
The poetry is written like that of a  shakespearean sonnet.The poetry is poorly written.
The front row in the theater was populated like a deserted ghost town.The front row in the theater is empty.
The front row in the theater was populated like a deserted ghost town.The front row in the theater is packed with people.
The front row in the theater was populated like a overbooked hotel.The front row in the theater is packed with people.
The front row in the theater was populated like a overbooked hotel.The front row in the theater is empty.
He was loyal like a dog.He was very loyal.
He was loyal like a dog.He wasn't loyal at all.
He was loyal like a cat.He wasn't loyal at all.
He was loyal like a cat.He was very loyal.
She was supportive like a cane.She was very supportive.
She was supportive like a cane.She wasn't supportive at all.
She was supportive like a broken belt.She wasn't supportive at all.
She was supportive like a broken belt.She was very supportive.
The image on the blanket reminded the woman of a photographers photo.The photograph was very professional.
The image on the blanket reminded the woman of a photographers photo.The photograph lacked focus.
The image on the blanket reminded the woman of a photo taken by a 3 year old.The photograph lacked focus.
The image on the blanket reminded the woman of a photo taken by a 3 year old.The photograph was very professional.
Her husband's poetry reminded her of something written by shakespeare.His poetry was lovely.
Her husband's poetry reminded her of something written by shakespeare.His poetry was comical.
Her husband's poetry reminded her of something on def comedy jam.His poetry was comical.
Her husband's poetry reminded her of something on def comedy jam.His poetry was lovely.
The front of the house was as inviting as a morning cup of coffee from caribou coffee.The front of the house was warming and cozy.
The front of the house was as inviting as a morning cup of coffee from caribou coffee.The front of the house was something you would discard.
The front of the house was as inviting as burnee coffee left on in the coffee pot overnight.The front of the house was something you would discard.
The front of the house was as inviting as burnee coffee left on in the coffee pot overnight.The front of the house was warming and cozy.
The image is an impossible burger.The image is fake but good.
The image is an impossible burger.The image is genuine but ordinary.
The image is an apple growing on a tree.The image is genuine but ordinary.
The image is an apple growing on a tree.The image is fake but good.
The poetry is a butterfly on a summer day.The poetry is light and beautiful.
The poetry is a butterfly on a summer day.The poetry is scary and depressing.
The poetry is an ice storm on the drive home from work.The poetry is scary and depressing.
The poetry is an ice storm on the drive home from work.The poetry is light and beautiful.
The wine is like drinking a mouthful of dirt.The wine tastes terrible.
The wine is like drinking a mouthful of dirt.The wine tastes great.
The wine is like drinking the first spoonful of ice cream.The wine tastes great.
The wine is like drinking the first spoonful of ice cream.The wine tastes terrible.
The man is as big as a house.The man is tall.
The man is as big as a house.The man is little.
The man is as big as a mouse.The man is little.
The man is as big as a mouse.The man is tall.
This school is a zoo.The kids in school are misbehaving.
This school is a zoo.If you go to school you will not get in trouble.
This school is a vaccine for violence.If you go to school you will not get in trouble.
This school is a vaccine for violence.The kids in school are misbehaving.
The cold weather in minnesota precedes christmas like kindergarten precedes first grade.It gets cold before christmas.
The cold weather in minnesota precedes christmas like kindergarten precedes first grade.Sometimes christmas isn't cold.
The cold weather in minnesota precedes christmas like flowers precede rain.Sometimes christmas isn't cold.
The cold weather in minnesota precedes christmas like flowers precede rain.It gets cold before christmas.
Minneapolis gets as much rain as it has lakes.Minneapolis gets lots of rain.
Minneapolis gets as much rain as it has lakes.Minneapolis has very little rain.
Minneapolis gets as much rain as lakes in nevada.Minneapolis has very little rain.
Minneapolis gets as much rain as lakes in nevada.Minneapolis gets lots of rain.
The seriousness of the situation had as much gravity as a brick falling 10 stories.The situation was heavy.
The seriousness of the situation had as much gravity as a brick falling 10 stories.There was no weight to the situation.
The seriousness of the situation had as much gravity as a a balloon falling 10 stories.There was no weight to the situation.
The seriousness of the situation had as much gravity as a a balloon falling 10 stories.The situation was heavy.
Her dress was as elegant as a dumpster on fire.Her dress was inelegant.
Her dress was as elegant as a dumpster on fire.Her dress was elegant.
Her dress was as elegant as a stately queen.Her dress was elegant.
Her dress was as elegant as a stately queen.Her dress was inelegant.
She has all the patience of a toddler who is due for a nap.She had little patience.
She has all the patience of a toddler who is due for a nap.She had a lot of patience.
She has all the patience of a loving mother helping her child learn to tie his shoes.She had a lot of patience.
She has all the patience of a loving mother helping her child learn to tie his shoes.She had little patience.
The paper airplane flew with the grace of a rock being thrown.The paper airplane did not fly well.
The paper airplane flew with the grace of a rock being thrown.The paper airplane flew gracefully.
The paper airplane flew with the grace of a bird taking flight.The paper airplane flew gracefully.
The paper airplane flew with the grace of a bird taking flight.The paper airplane did not fly well.
The fire was as hot as the center of the sun.The fire was hot.
The fire was as hot as the center of the sun.The fire was lukewarm.
The fire was as hot as a dying ember.The fire was lukewarm.
The fire was as hot as a dying ember.The fire was hot.
The nun had the kindness of an angel.The nun was kind.
The nun had the kindness of an angel.The nun was cruel.
The nun had the kindness of a witch.The nun was cruel.
The nun had the kindness of a witch.The nun was kind.
The restaurant's online reservation system was a labyrinth.The system was complicated.
The restaurant's online reservation system was a labyrinth.The system was user friendly.
The restaurant's online reservation system was a piece of cake.The system was user friendly.
The restaurant's online reservation system was a piece of cake.The system was complicated.
The cord was as long as a mosquito.The cord was very short.
The cord was as long as a mosquito.The cord was very long.
The cord was as long as the pacific ocean.The cord was very long.
The cord was as long as the pacific ocean.The cord was very short.
She was as active as a derby horse.She moved around a lot.
She was as active as a derby horse.She didn't move at all.
She was as active as a boulder.She didn't move at all.
She was as active as a boulder.She moved around a lot.
The rent was as much as 4 new cars.The rent was very expensive.
The rent was as much as 4 new cars.The rent was very cheap.
The rent was as much as a candy bar.The rent was very cheap.
The rent was as much as a candy bar.The rent was very expensive.
That forest fire rose as a mountain.The forest fire was devastating.
That forest fire rose as a mountain.The forest fire didn't amount to much.
That forest fire burned out as a lonely torch.The forest fire didn't amount to much.
That forest fire burned out as a lonely torch.The forest fire was devastating.
The knife is as a scalpel.The knife is precise.
The knife is as a scalpel.The knife is large and dangerous.
The knife is not unlike a sword.The knife is large and dangerous.
The knife is not unlike a sword.The knife is precise.
Her room is a wild jungle.Her room is messy.
Her room is a wild jungle.Her room is tidy.
Her room is as a hospital.Her room is tidy.
Her room is as a hospital.Her room is messy.
The gravity on earth is a lion's clutch.The gravity on earth is strong.
The gravity on earth is a lion's clutch.The gravity on earth is weak.
The gravity on earth is a toddler's grip.The gravity on earth is weak.
The gravity on earth is a toddler's grip.The gravity on earth is strong.
This bed is pool of flowers.Bed is soft and comfortable.
This bed is pool of flowers.Bed is hard.
This bed is rock hard.Bed is hard.
This bed is rock hard.Bed is soft and comfortable.
The family was a close as england and the united states.The family was not very close.
The family was a close as england and the united states.The family was very close.
The family was a close as hibernating cubs.The family was very close.
The family was a close as hibernating cubs.The family was not very close.
She felt like a gold-medal olympian.She felt great.
She felt like a gold-medal olympian.She felt horrible.
She felt like a pile of garbage.She felt horrible.
She felt like a pile of garbage.She felt great.
Misery is a waxy candle.Misery is messy.
Misery is a waxy candle.Misery can be beautiful.
Misery is an untouched candle.Misery can be beautiful.
Misery is an untouched candle.Misery is messy.
Insanity is a beautifully made bed.Insanity can feel so normalized in some peoples lives.
Insanity is a beautifully made bed.Insanity to some can feel empty and lonely.
Insanity is an undressed bed.Insanity to some can feel empty and lonely.
Insanity is an undressed bed.Insanity can feel so normalized in some peoples lives.
I have the dexterity of spiderman.I have good dexterity.
I have the dexterity of spiderman.I have bad dexterity.
I have the dexterity of a new born deer.I have bad dexterity.
I have the dexterity of a new born deer.I have good dexterity.
The movie is older than dirt.The movie is really old.
The movie is older than dirt.The movie is new.
The movie is older than a newborn baby.The movie is new.
The movie is older than a newborn baby.The movie is really old.
She has the fashion sense of my grandmother.She has bad fashion sense.
She has the fashion sense of my grandmother.She has good fashion sense.
She has the fashion sense of an italian designer.She has good fashion sense.
She has the fashion sense of an italian designer.She has bad fashion sense.
The bed is as soft as a puppy's ear.The bed is very soft.
The bed is as soft as a puppy's ear.The bed is not soft.
The bed is as soft as a diving board.The bed is not soft.
The bed is as soft as a diving board.The bed is very soft.
The soup has the heat of a mexican desert.The soup has a lot of heat.
The soup has the heat of a mexican desert.The soup lacks any heat.
The soup has the heat of an arctic penguin.The soup lacks any heat.
The soup has the heat of an arctic penguin.The soup has a lot of heat.
The cake has the height of a tortilla.The cake has very little height.
The cake has the height of a tortilla.The cake has a lot of height.
The cake has the height of a redwood tree.The cake has a lot of height.
The cake has the height of a redwood tree.The cake has very little height.
The car ran as smooth as a babys butt.The car ran smooth.
The car ran as smooth as a babys butt.The car was rough.
The car ran as smooth as a thistle weed.The car was rough.
The car ran as smooth as a thistle weed.The car ran smooth.
The shirt was as bright as a dark cave.The shirt was dark.
The shirt was as bright as a dark cave.The shirt was bright.
The shirt was as bright as the sun.The shirt was bright.
The shirt was as bright as the sun.The shirt was dark.
The mans teeth were as white as a cue ball.The mans teeth were white.
The mans teeth were as white as a cue ball.The mans teeth were yellow.
The mans teeth were as white as a nine ball.The mans teeth were yellow.
The mans teeth were as white as a nine ball.The mans teeth were white.
His dance moves were like sean spicer.His dance moves were bad.
His dance moves were like sean spicer.His dance moves were good.
His dance moves were like john travolta.His dance moves were good.
His dance moves were like john travolta.His dance moves were bad.
The train came as early as the next ice age.The train was not early.
The train came as early as the next ice age.The train was early.
The train came as early as the sunrise.The train was early.
The train came as early as the sunrise.The train was not early.
The base ball seats were located among the clouds.The location was bad.
The base ball seats were located among the clouds.The location was good.
The base ball seats were located in the catcher's back pocket.The location was good.
The base ball seats were located in the catcher's back pocket.The location was bad.
It was easy for the man to scratch his back as it was to touch his liver.The spot on his back was impossible to reach period.
It was easy for the man to scratch his back as it was to touch his liver.The spot on his back was easy to reach.
It was easy for the man to scratch his back as it was scratch his ear.The spot on his back was easy to reach.
It was easy for the man to scratch his back as it was scratch his ear.The spot on his back was impossible to reach period.
The man considered the challenge at work as beneficial as a multivitamin.The challenge would help him grow.
The man considered the challenge at work as beneficial as a multivitamin.The challenge was far too much.
The man considered the challenge at work as beneficial as a third donut.The challenge was far too much.
The man considered the challenge at work as beneficial as a third donut.The challenge would help him grow.
The position of the antenna in the living room provided as much clarity as a clean mirror.The channels came in clear.
The position of the antenna in the living room provided as much clarity as a clean mirror.The channels were fuzzy.
The position of the antenna in the living room provided as much clarity as a muddy puddle.The channels were fuzzy.
The position of the antenna in the living room provided as much clarity as a muddy puddle.The channels came in clear.
His plan to cheat had the simplicity of rocket science.His scam was complicated.
His plan to cheat had the simplicity of rocket science.His scam was uncomplicated.
His plan to cheat had the simplicity of a kid's game.His scam was uncomplicated.
His plan to cheat had the simplicity of a kid's game.His scam was complicated.
The night had all the peace of an avalanche.The night was violent.
The night had all the peace of an avalanche.The night was calm.
The night had all the peace of a baby bunny.The night was calm.
The night had all the peace of a baby bunny.The night was violent.
The reaction to the news had the energy of a spaghetti noodle.There was limited reaction to the news.
The reaction to the news had the energy of a spaghetti noodle.The response to the news was animated.
The reaction to the news had the energy of a atom bomb.The response to the news was animated.
The reaction to the news had the energy of a atom bomb.There was limited reaction to the news.
The painting was as beautiful as a bride on her wedding day.The painting was very beautiful.
The painting was as beautiful as a bride on her wedding day.The painting was ugly.
The painting was as beautiful as a hoarders house.The painting was ugly.
The painting was as beautiful as a hoarders house.The painting was very beautiful.
The puppy sat as still as an upset toddler.The puppy was very active.
The puppy sat as still as an upset toddler.The puppy sat still.
The puppy sat as still as a tree on a calm day.The puppy sat still.
The puppy sat as still as a tree on a calm day.The puppy was very active.
The water had as much ice as the arctic ocean.The water had a lot of ice.
The water had as much ice as the arctic ocean.The water had no ice.
The water had as much ice as the gobi desert.The water had no ice.
The water had as much ice as the gobi desert.The water had a lot of ice.
My home has the majesty of a castle.My home is impressive.
My home has the majesty of a castle.My home is squalid.
My home has the majesty of a shack.My home is squalid.
My home has the majesty of a shack.My home is impressive.
My vote is as secure as a vault.My vote is very secure.
My vote is as secure as a vault.My vote has little security.
My vote is as secure as a paper bag.My vote has little security.
My vote is as secure as a paper bag.My vote is very secure.
Love is as enduring as a mountain.Love lasts a very long time.
Love is as enduring as a mountain.Love does not last long at all.
Love is as enduring as smoke.Love does not last long at all.
Love is as enduring as smoke.Love lasts a very long time.
The dress is made to fit a sized doll with perfect anatomy.This dress is really small.
The dress is made to fit a sized doll with perfect anatomy.The dress is really, really, really big.
The dress is made to fit a rhinoceros with ten course meals a day.The dress is really, really, really big.
The dress is made to fit a rhinoceros with ten course meals a day.This dress is really small.
The man has the looks of patrick swayze combined with fabio.The man looks attractive.
The man has the looks of patrick swayze combined with fabio.The man is extremely unattractive.
The man has the looks of a dying fish with flies covering it.The man is extremely unattractive.
The man has the looks of a dying fish with flies covering it.The man looks attractive.
The game boss has the hard level of someone climbing mount superdeath without any mountain gear.The game boss is really hard to defeat.
The game boss has the hard level of someone climbing mount superdeath without any mountain gear.The game boss is really easy to defeat.
The game boss has the hard level of me just casually drinking my drink.The game boss is really easy to defeat.
The game boss has the hard level of me just casually drinking my drink.The game boss is really hard to defeat.
It's about as bright as a burnt out light bulb.It's not bright at all.
It's about as bright as a burnt out light bulb.It's very bright.
It's about as bright as the noon sky.It's very bright.
It's about as bright as the noon sky.It's not bright at all.
He was as quiet as a ninja.He was super quiet.
He was as quiet as a ninja.He was loud and noisy.
He was as quiet as an angry bear.He was loud and noisy.
He was as quiet as an angry bear.He was super quiet.
That's about as reasonable as a logic teacher.That's very reasonable.
That's about as reasonable as a logic teacher.That's not at all reasonable.
That's about as reasonable as a ransom demand.That's not at all reasonable.
That's about as reasonable as a ransom demand.That's very reasonable.
I'm as honest as abraham lincoln.I'm honest.
I'm as honest as abraham lincoln.I'm dishonest.
I'm as honest as a used car salesman.I'm dishonest.
I'm as honest as a used car salesman.I'm honest.
The night feels as long as a year.The night feels very long.
The night feels as long as a year.The night feels very short.
The night feels as long as a minute.The night feels very short.
The night feels as long as a minute.The night feels very long.
The food had the flavor of the divine.The food tasted great.
The food had the flavor of the divine.The food tasted awful.
The food had the flavor of garbage.The food tasted awful.
The food had the flavor of garbage.The food tasted great.
The television was as old as warren buffet's wealth.It has been around for a long time.
The television was as old as warren buffet's wealth.It is new.
The television was as old as a newborn baby.It is new.
The television was as old as a newborn baby.It has been around for a long time.
The athlete was as tired as a mother after christmas.He was very sluggish.
The athlete was as tired as a mother after christmas.He was active.
The athlete was as tired as a three year old after sugar.He was active.
The athlete was as tired as a three year old after sugar.He was very sluggish.
This is as consistent as a rice cooker.It's very consistent.
This is as consistent as a rice cooker.It's not consistent at all.
This is as consistent as a claw game machine.It's not consistent at all.
This is as consistent as a claw game machine.It's very consistent.
It moves like an alpine swift.It always moves.
It moves like an alpine swift.It never moves.
It moves like a bear during hibernation.It never moves.
It moves like a bear during hibernation.It always moves.
It's as durable as chromium.It's very durable.
It's as durable as chromium.It's not durable at all.
It's as durable as glass.It's not durable at all.
It's as durable as glass.It's very durable.
The army advanced at the pace of a swarm of ants.The army advanced quickly.
The army advanced at the pace of a swarm of ants.The army advanced slowly.
The army advanced at the pace of an incoming tide.The army advanced slowly.
The army advanced at the pace of an incoming tide.The army advanced quickly.
She read the novel at the pace of a racing stallion.She read quickly.
She read the novel at the pace of a racing stallion.She read slowly.
She read the novel at the pace of a creeping vine.She read slowly.
She read the novel at the pace of a creeping vine.She read quickly.
The roast's flavor was poetry on a plate.The roast was delicious.
The roast's flavor was poetry on a plate.The roast was burned.
The roast's flavor was like a charred log.The roast was burned.
The roast's flavor was like a charred log.The roast was delicious.
I'm as admired as a king.I'm very admired.
I'm as admired as a king.I'm not admired at all.
I'm as admired as a clown.I'm not admired at all.
I'm as admired as a clown.I'm very admired.
She had the face of a doll.She had a cute face.
She had the face of a doll.She had a scary and ghastly face.
She had the face of a beast.She had a scary and ghastly face.
She had the face of a beast.She had a cute face.
His pace is as fast as the speed of light.His pace is very fast!.
His pace is as fast as the speed of light.His pace is soooo slow.
His pace is as fast as a snail on molasses on ice.His pace is soooo slow.
His pace is as fast as a snail on molasses on ice.His pace is very fast!.
That painting is as attractive as a newborn kitten.That painting is very nice-looking!.
That painting is as attractive as a newborn kitten.That painting is ugly!.
That painting is as attractive a deformed warthog.That painting is ugly!.
That painting is as attractive a deformed warthog.That painting is very nice-looking!.
She is as smart as einstein.She is very intelligent.
She is as smart as einstein.She is quite dumb.
She is as smart as a rock.She is quite dumb.
She is as smart as a rock.She is very intelligent.
He had the admiration of hitler before wwii.He had much admiration.
He had the admiration of hitler before wwii.He was not admired.
He had the admiration of hitler after wwii.He was not admired.
He had the admiration of hitler after wwii.He had much admiration.
There was all the time left of a fridge defrosting a turkey.There was plenty of time left.
There was all the time left of a fridge defrosting a turkey.There was little time left.
There was all the time left of a microwave set on "add 30".There was little time left.
There was all the time left of a microwave set on "add 30".There was plenty of time left.
Her shoes were as shiny as a duck after an oil tanker crashes.Her shoes were very shiny.
Her shoes were as shiny as a duck after an oil tanker crashes.Her shoes were not shiny.
Her shoes were as shiny as a duck after it's been cooked for dinner.Her shoes were not shiny.
Her shoes were as shiny as a duck after it's been cooked for dinner.Her shoes were very shiny.
The time spent was an elephant.The time was large, or long.
The time spent was an elephant.The time was small, or short.
The time spent was a mosquito.The time was small, or short.
The time spent was a mosquito.The time was large, or long.
The admiration was a water fountain.The admiration was minor.
The admiration was a water fountain.The admiration felt was major.
The admiration was the trevi fountain.The admiration felt was major.
The admiration was the trevi fountain.The admiration was minor.
The film caught my interest like fireworks.The film caught my interest right away.
The film caught my interest like fireworks.The film didn't catch my interest at all.
The film caught my interest like a snail.The film didn't catch my interest at all.
The film caught my interest like a snail.The film caught my interest right away.
The car was an overloaded hotspot.The car was very slow.
The car was an overloaded hotspot.The car was very fast.
The car was a leopard.The car was very fast.
The car was a leopard.The car was very slow.
The bed provides the restfulness of a pacing dog.The bed is shoddy.
The bed provides the restfulness of a pacing dog.The bed is exceptional.
The bed provides the restfulness of anasthesia.The bed is exceptional.
The bed provides the restfulness of anasthesia.The bed is shoddy.
The show will have the permanence of a passing season.The show is forgettable.
The show will have the permanence of a passing season.The show is unforgettable.
The show will have the permanence of a great wonder.The show is unforgettable.
The show will have the permanence of a great wonder.The show is forgettable.
The teen has all the grit of a spoiled child.The teen has no grit.
The teen has all the grit of a spoiled child.The teen has grit.
The teen has all the grit of an old farmer.The teen has grit.
The teen has all the grit of an old farmer.The teen has no grit.
The lessons we learn are keys to imagination.The lessons we learn open doors to future success.
The lessons we learn are keys to imagination.The lessons we learn can sometimes strike fear and prevent movement.
The lessons we learn are border guards.The lessons we learn can sometimes strike fear and prevent movement.
The lessons we learn are border guards.The lessons we learn open doors to future success.
His wife's words were a knife in the chest.His wife's words were sharp and biting, inflicting pain.
His wife's words were a knife in the chest.His wife's words provided comfort and support.
His wife's words were a soothing hug.His wife's words provided comfort and support.
His wife's words were a soothing hug.His wife's words were sharp and biting, inflicting pain.
The teen's brain was a computer.The teen was capable of performing complicated tasks.
The teen's brain was a computer.The teen was incapable of even the simplest calculation and filled of emptiness.
The teen's brain was a desert.The teen was incapable of even the simplest calculation and filled of emptiness.
The teen's brain was a desert.The teen was capable of performing complicated tasks.
He was as lawabiding as a sheriff.He followed the law.
He was as lawabiding as a sheriff.He broke the law.
He was as lawabiding as a criminal.He broke the law.
He was as lawabiding as a criminal.He followed the law.
The letter was small like a bug.The letter was very small.
The letter was small like a bug.The letter was large.
The letter was small like a elephant.The letter was large.
The letter was small like a elephant.The letter was very small.
The dress was tight like a hug.The dress was very tight.
The dress was tight like a hug.The dress was loose.
The dress was tight like a open bag.The dress was loose.
The dress was tight like a open bag.The dress was very tight.
The relationship with her was as lasting as milk out of the fridge.The relationship went badly quickly.
The relationship with her was as lasting as milk out of the fridge.The relationship only got better overtime.
The relationship with her was like wine.The relationship only got better overtime.
The relationship with her was like wine.The relationship went badly quickly.
His will was a monumental monolith.His will was resilient and uncompromising.
His will was a monumental monolith.His will was weak.
His will was as a sand castle.His will was weak.
His will was as a sand castle.His will was resilient and uncompromising.
The gust of wind was a sharp howl.The wind was strong.
The gust of wind was a sharp howl.The wind was mild.
The gust of wind was a gentle glide.The wind was mild.
The gust of wind was a gentle glide.The wind was strong.
The fight is as serious as a board game.The fight isn't serious at all.
The fight is as serious as a board game.The fight is very serious.
The fight is as serious as a bombing.The fight is very serious.
The fight is as serious as a bombing.The fight isn't serious at all.
The business meeting was as long as a century.The business meeting was very long.
The business meeting was as long as a century.The business meeting was very short.
The business meeting was as long as a preamble.The business meeting was very short.
The business meeting was as long as a preamble.The business meeting was very long.
The house's foundation was as stable as mathematical rules.The house's foundation was very stable.
The house's foundation was as stable as mathematical rules.The house's foundation was very wobbly.
The house's foundation was as stable as a broken arm.The house's foundation was very wobbly.
The house's foundation was as stable as a broken arm.The house's foundation was very stable.
The spring near her house reminded her of bottled water.The water was pure.
The spring near her house reminded her of bottled water.The water needed purification.
The spring near her house reminded her of water under manhole covers.The water needed purification.
The spring near her house reminded her of water under manhole covers.The water was pure.
The water in the drinking glass was like snow falling.The water was nice and cool.
The water in the drinking glass was like snow falling.The water was hot.
The water in the drinking glass was like a glass of tea.The water was hot.
The water in the drinking glass was like a glass of tea.The water was nice and cool.
The room was as crowded as an unemployment line.It had many people.
The room was as crowded as an unemployment line.It had no one.
The room was as crowded as a room of millionaires who got there by selling xylophone tapes.It had no one.
The room was as crowded as a room of millionaires who got there by selling xylophone tapes.It had many people.
The roof was higher than the national debt.It was really high.
The roof was higher than the national debt.It was low.
The roof was higher than freshly cut grass.It was low.
The roof was higher than freshly cut grass.It was really high.
The fire was as hot as an oven.It was burning hot.
The fire was as hot as an oven.It was cold.
The fire was as hot as a snowball.It was cold.
The fire was as hot as a snowball.It was burning hot.
Its like shooting fish in a barrel.Suffocating someone within limits.
Its like shooting fish in a barrel.Controlling people with limitations.
Its like shooting fish in a container.Controlling people with limitations.
Its like shooting fish in a container.Suffocating someone within limits.
The queen was as pretty as a shaved wolf.She was ugly.
The queen was as pretty as a shaved wolf.She was gorgeous.
The queen was as pretty as a sunset in march.She was gorgeous.
The queen was as pretty as a sunset in march.She was ugly.
The mother was as strict as a teacher on monday.The mother was mean.
The mother was as strict as a teacher on monday.The mother was docile.
The mother was as strict as a bunny in the field.The mother was docile.
The mother was as strict as a bunny in the field.The mother was mean.
The house was as comfortable as ten pillows.It was comfortable.
The house was as comfortable as ten pillows.It was harsh.
The house was as comfortable as a barbed wire fence.It was harsh.
The house was as comfortable as a barbed wire fence.It was comfortable.
The pillow could replace a cloud.The pillow is soft.
The pillow could replace a cloud.The pillow is hard.
The pillow could replace a rock.The pillow is hard.
The pillow could replace a rock.The pillow is soft.
The biscuits could double as a hockey puck.The biscuits are really hard.
The biscuits could double as a hockey puck.The biscuits are soft.
The biscuits could double as a cloud.The biscuits are soft.
The biscuits could double as a cloud.The biscuits are really hard.
Nobody would notice if you replaced that lamp with a star.The lamp is really bright.
Nobody would notice if you replaced that lamp with a star.The lamp is not that bright.
Nobody would notice if you replaced that lamp with a candle.The lamp is not that bright.
Nobody would notice if you replaced that lamp with a candle.The lamp is really bright.
She had the importance of hitler in world war ii.She had great importance.
She had the importance of hitler in world war ii.She had very little importance.
She had the importance of light yagami's little sister in death note.She had very little importance.
She had the importance of light yagami's little sister in death note.She had great importance.
He was feeling the exhaustion of a chronic masturbator in a porno theater.He was exhausted.
He was feeling the exhaustion of a chronic masturbator in a porno theater.He had lots of energy.
He was feeling the exhaustion of an olympic athlete after a good night sleep and a cup of strong coffee.He had lots of energy.
He was feeling the exhaustion of an olympic athlete after a good night sleep and a cup of strong coffee.He was exhausted.
The fries had the greasiness of a teenager's face after nor showering for two days.The fries were very greasy.
The fries had the greasiness of a teenager's face after nor showering for two days.The fries weren't greasy at all.
The fries had the greasiness of a sink full of dawn dish detergent.The fries weren't greasy at all.
The fries had the greasiness of a sink full of dawn dish detergent.The fries were very greasy.
The picture she took with her phone came out as good as the pictures on beyonce's instagram.The pictures were as pretty as a celebrity.
The picture she took with her phone came out as good as the pictures on beyonce's instagram.The pictures were rough.
The picture she took with her phone came out as good as fashion photos without photoshop.The pictures were rough.
The picture she took with her phone came out as good as fashion photos without photoshop.The pictures were as pretty as a celebrity.
The light in the image was reminding him of sunlight streaming through a stained glass window.The natural lighting was perfect.
The light in the image was reminding him of sunlight streaming through a stained glass window.There was not enough light for the for the photo.
The light in the image was reminding him of a dim nightclub.There was not enough light for the for the photo.
The light in the image was reminding him of a dim nightclub.The natural lighting was perfect.
The cool water in the lake was as refreshing as a glass of ice water on a hot summer day.The water was cooling.
The cool water in the lake was as refreshing as a glass of ice water on a hot summer day.The water did nothing to cool.
The cool water in the lake was as refreshing as a hot cup of coffee on the beach.The water did nothing to cool.
The cool water in the lake was as refreshing as a hot cup of coffee on the beach.The water was cooling.
She is as sharp as a cotton ball.She is not very smart.
She is as sharp as a cotton ball.She is very intelligent.
She is as sharp as a tack.She is very intelligent.
She is as sharp as a tack.She is not very smart.
It was healthy like a orange.It was very healthy.
It was healthy like a orange.It was unhealthy.
It was healthy like a piece of taffy.It was unhealthy.
It was healthy like a piece of taffy.It was very healthy.
It was clear like glass.It was very clear.
It was clear like glass.It wasn't clear.
It was clear like fog.It wasn't clear.
It was clear like fog.It was very clear.
It was tall like a tree.It was very tall.
It was tall like a tree.It was short.
It was tall like a blade of grass.It was short.
It was tall like a blade of grass.It was very tall.
That picture is as beautiful as a flower.That picture is beautiful.
That picture is as beautiful as a flower.That picture is not beautiful.
That picture is as beautiful as a wilted flower.That picture is not beautiful.
That picture is as beautiful as a wilted flower.That picture is beautiful.
These lights are as bright as the sun.These lights are bright.
These lights are as bright as the sun.These lights aren't bright at all.
These lights are as bright as a black hole.These lights aren't bright at all.
These lights are as bright as a black hole.These lights are bright.
This water's as refreshing as a spring breeze.This water is refreshing.
This water's as refreshing as a spring breeze.This water is not refreshing and is in fact off-putting or harmful.
This water's as refreshing as a hurricane.This water is not refreshing and is in fact off-putting or harmful.
This water's as refreshing as a hurricane.This water is refreshing.
The woman treats others like a pot of fresh coffee.The woman treats others warmly.
The woman treats others like a pot of fresh coffee.The woman treats others coldly.
The woman treats others like the ice bucket challenge.The woman treats others coldly.
The woman treats others like the ice bucket challenge.The woman treats others warmly.
The woman's letter to her friend was as soothing as a warm bath.The woman's letter to her friend was soothing.
The woman's letter to her friend was as soothing as a warm bath.The woman's letter to her friend wasn't soothing at all.
The woman's letter to her friend was as soothing as an ice storm.The woman's letter to her friend wasn't soothing at all.
The woman's letter to her friend was as soothing as an ice storm.The woman's letter to her friend was soothing.
The card that she sent was as friendly as a pitbull.The card that she sent wasn't friendly at all.
The card that she sent was as friendly as a pitbull.The card that she sent was very friendly.
The card that she sent was as friendly as a puppy.The card that she sent was very friendly.
The card that she sent was as friendly as a puppy.The card that she sent wasn't friendly at all.
Life is a sock.Life starts to stink after awhile.
Life is a sock.Life starts off sour but then becomes sweet.
Life is a sour patch kid.Life starts off sour but then becomes sweet.
Life is a sour patch kid.Life starts to stink after awhile.
Love is fire.Love can be dangerous.
Love is fire.Love can be calm.
Love is water.Love can be calm.
Love is water.Love can be dangerous.
He has the emotional strength of a feather.He is emotionally sensitive and moody.
He has the emotional strength of a feather.He has great control of is emotions.
He has the emotional strength of a diamond.He has great control of is emotions.
He has the emotional strength of a diamond.He is emotionally sensitive and moody.
The instrument has the reliability of spirit airlines.The instrument is unpredictable.
The instrument has the reliability of spirit airlines.The instrument can always be counted on.
The instrument has the reliability of the sunrise.The instrument can always be counted on.
The instrument has the reliability of the sunrise.The instrument is unpredictable.
Their cause has the momentum of a snowflake.The cause has no support.
Their cause has the momentum of a snowflake.The cause has massive support.
Their cause has the momentum of an avalanche.The cause has massive support.
Their cause has the momentum of an avalanche.The cause has no support.
Her marriage is built on a house of popsicle sticks.Her marriage has a faulty foundation.
Her marriage is built on a house of popsicle sticks.Her marriage has a strong foundation.
Her marriage is built on concrete pillars.Her marriage has a strong foundation.
Her marriage is built on concrete pillars.Her marriage has a faulty foundation.
The movie soundtrack was essentially a lullaby.The soundtrack would put you to sleep.
The movie soundtrack was essentially a lullaby.The soundtrack was loud.
The movie soundtrack was essentially rock concert.The soundtrack was loud.
The movie soundtrack was essentially rock concert.The soundtrack would put you to sleep.
Her singing voice has all the elegance of e.t. in a cuisinart.Her singing voice has no elegance.
Her singing voice has all the elegance of e.t. in a cuisinart.Her singing voice has profound elegance.
Her singing voice has all the elegance of an ethereal angel sent by god himself.Her singing voice has profound elegance.
Her singing voice has all the elegance of an ethereal angel sent by god himself.Her singing voice has no elegance.
This village is as safe from disaster as pompeii in 79 a.d.This village is not safe from disaster.
This village is as safe from disaster as pompeii in 79 a.d.This village is safe from disaster.
This village is as safe from disaster as the moon is from sprouting a forest.This village is safe from disaster.
This village is as safe from disaster as the moon is from sprouting a forest.This village is not safe from disaster.
The cat scratched as hard as a lion.The cat scratched hard and deep.
The cat scratched as hard as a lion.The cat barely scratched.
The cat scratched as hard as a kitten.The cat barely scratched.
The cat scratched as hard as a kitten.The cat scratched hard and deep.
The pickup truck had the bed capacity of a pool.The pickup truck had a lot of truckbed space.
The pickup truck had the bed capacity of a pool.The pickup had a small truckbed space.
The pickup truck had the bed capacity of a thimble.The pickup had a small truckbed space.
The pickup truck had the bed capacity of a thimble.The pickup truck had a lot of truckbed space.
The computer has as much memory as a goldfish.The computer doesn't have a lot of memory.
The computer has as much memory as a goldfish.The computer has a lot of memory available.
The computer has as much memory as an elephant.The computer has a lot of memory available.
The computer has as much memory as an elephant.The computer doesn't have a lot of memory.
You're as emotional as a grieving widow.You're emotional.
You're as emotional as a grieving widow.You're unemotional.
You're as emotional as a machine.You're unemotional.
You're as emotional as a machine.You're emotional.
My electric bill's as expensive as the national debt.My bill's expensive.
My electric bill's as expensive as the national debt.My bill's cheap.
My electric bill's as expensive as a bag of chips.My bill's cheap.
My electric bill's as expensive as a bag of chips.My bill's expensive.
I have the strength of a hundred men.I'm strong.
I have the strength of a hundred men.I'm weak.
I have the strength of half a man.I'm weak.
I have the strength of half a man.I'm strong.
She was as emotional as a baby.She was emotional.
She was as emotional as a baby.She was not emotional.
She was as emotional as a funeral director.She was not emotional.
She was as emotional as a funeral director.She was emotional.
The instrument was as old as today's headlines.The instrument was not old.
The instrument was as old as today's headlines.The instrument was old.
The instrument was as old as the roman empire.The instrument was old.
The instrument was as old as the roman empire.The instrument was not old.
My thoughts are a maze.My thoughts are a variety of complex outcomes and no clear path.
My thoughts are a maze.My thoughts are settled and incapable of being changed.
My thoughts are a concrete.My thoughts are settled and incapable of being changed.
My thoughts are a concrete.My thoughts are a variety of complex outcomes and no clear path.
The memories of her childhood were land mines.The memories were to be avoided lest they bring danger to the present.
The memories of her childhood were land mines.The memories always bring momentary comfort and warmth.
The memories of her childhood were hugs.The memories always bring momentary comfort and warmth.
The memories of her childhood were hugs.The memories were to be avoided lest they bring danger to the present.
Wishes are often roses with thorns.Wishes sometimes look great until they bare their teeth.
Wishes are often roses with thorns.Wishes can be a goal of known positive outcome in every sense.
Wishes are often a wedding cake.Wishes can be a goal of known positive outcome in every sense.
Wishes are often a wedding cake.Wishes sometimes look great until they bare their teeth.
The video game was a turtle in a race.The video game was very slow-paced.
The video game was a turtle in a race.The video game was very fast-paced.
The video game was a cheetah on the go.The video game was very fast-paced.
The video game was a cheetah on the go.The video game was very slow-paced.
The apartment had all the space of a tollbooth.The apartment had did not have much space.
The apartment had all the space of a tollbooth.The apartment had lots of space.
The apartment had all the space of the taj mahal.The apartment had lots of space.
The apartment had all the space of the taj mahal.The apartment had did not have much space.
Her photos looked like they were taken by a blind person.Her photos looked bad.
Her photos looked like they were taken by a blind person.Her photos looked good.
Her photos looked like they were hanging in a museum.Her photos looked good.
Her photos looked like they were hanging in a museum.Her photos looked bad.
The ride was as thrilling as reading an encyclopedia.The ride was not thrilling.
The ride was as thrilling as reading an encyclopedia.The ride was thrilling.
The ride was as thrilling as hunting a monster.The ride was thrilling.
The ride was as thrilling as hunting a monster.The ride was not thrilling.
The space was a burial urn.The space was small.
The space was a burial urn.The space was large.
The space was a mausoleum.The space was large.
The space was a mausoleum.The space was small.
The photography at the exhibit was a brown wren.The photography was muted.
The photography at the exhibit was a brown wren.The photography was colorful and exciting.
The photography at the exhibit was a bird of paradise.The photography was colorful and exciting.
The photography at the exhibit was a bird of paradise.The photography was muted.
The thrill was a die hard movie.The thrill was exciting.
The thrill was a die hard movie.The thrill was mild.
The thrill was a my little pony movie.The thrill was mild.
The thrill was a my little pony movie.The thrill was exciting.
He loved like a mother.He loved a lot.
He loved like a mother.He didn't love at all.
He loved like a tax collector.He didn't love at all.
He loved like a tax collector.He loved a lot.
He swam like a fish.He swam well.
He swam like a fish.He didn't swim well at all.
He swam like a cat.He didn't swim well at all.
He swam like a cat.He swam well.
He ran like a cheetah.He ran fast.
He ran like a cheetah.He ran slow.
He ran like a turtle.He ran slow.
He ran like a turtle.He ran fast.
The photo is as calming as a sea squall.The photo causes great panic.
The photo is as calming as a sea squall.The photo is cool and collected.
The photo is as calming as the demeanor of a capybara.The photo is cool and collected.
The photo is as calming as the demeanor of a capybara.The photo causes great panic.
The boy is as talkative as a crow.The boy was very talkative.
The boy is as talkative as a crow.The boy was not talkative at all.
The boy is as talkative as a jellyfish.The boy was not talkative at all.
The boy is as talkative as a jellyfish.The boy was very talkative.
The event had the coordination of a snowstorm.The event was poorly coordinated.
The event had the coordination of a snowstorm.The event was well coordinated.
The event had the coordination of a symphony.The event was well coordinated.
The event had the coordination of a symphony.The event was poorly coordinated.
The politician was as straitlaced as the bible.The politician was very straitlaced.
The politician was as straitlaced as the bible.The politician was corrupt.
The politician was as straitlaced as the mortgage crisis.The politician was corrupt.
The politician was as straitlaced as the mortgage crisis.The politician was very straitlaced.
The man's photography has the professionalism of a child's finger painting.The man's photography is not professional and amateurish.
The man's photography has the professionalism of a child's finger painting.The man's photography is very professional and artistic.
The man's photography has the professionalism of ansel adams on steroids.The man's photography is very professional and artistic.
The man's photography has the professionalism of ansel adams on steroids.The man's photography is not professional and amateurish.
The carnival ride is about as thrilling as watching a tv commercial for the 40th time.The carnival ride was boring.
The carnival ride is about as thrilling as watching a tv commercial for the 40th time.The carnival ride was exciting and thrilling.
The carnival ride is about as thrilling as watching the best football game of the century.The carnival ride was exciting and thrilling.
The carnival ride is about as thrilling as watching the best football game of the century.The carnival ride was boring.
The space left for furniture was the size of a  postage stamp.The space is very small.
The space left for furniture was the size of a  postage stamp.The space is very large.
The space left for furniture was the size of a state in the western united states.The space is very large.
The space left for furniture was the size of a state in the western united states.The space is very small.
The photography had the quality of a 12k film shot by an expert cinematographer.The photography was of very high quality.
The photography had the quality of a 12k film shot by an expert cinematographer.The photography was not of the best quality.
The photography had the quality of the voyager 2 spacecraft after 1990.The photography was not of the best quality.
The photography had the quality of the voyager 2 spacecraft after 1990.The photography was of very high quality.
She felt as exposed as someone having a dream about being naked at school.She felt very exposed.
She felt as exposed as someone having a dream about being naked at school.She didn't feel exposed at all.
She felt as exposed as money sitting in a bank vault.She didn't feel exposed at all.
She felt as exposed as money sitting in a bank vault.She felt very exposed.
He had the faithfulness of a japanese akita dog.He was very faithful.
He had the faithfulness of a japanese akita dog.He was not at all faithful.
He had the faithfulness of a man whose only kink is cheating on his wife.He was not at all faithful.
He had the faithfulness of a man whose only kink is cheating on his wife.He was very faithful.
He's as dangerous as a rattlesnake.He is dangerous.
He's as dangerous as a rattlesnake.He is not dangerous.
He's as dangerous as a butterfly.He is not dangerous.
He's as dangerous as a butterfly.He is dangerous.
They understand this assigment like a brick wall.They do not understand the assignment.
They understand this assigment like a brick wall.They understand the assignment.
They understand this assigment like a scholar.They understand the assignment.
They understand this assigment like a scholar.They do not understand the assignment.
The rules of morality are as concrete as a brick.The rules of morality are concrete.
The rules of morality are as concrete as a brick.The rules of morality are not concrete.
The rules of morality are as concrete as a bowl of gelatin.The rules of morality are not concrete.
The rules of morality are as concrete as a bowl of gelatin.The rules of morality are concrete.
The politician had the morality of a mass-murdering sociopath.The politician is immoral.
The politician had the morality of a mass-murdering sociopath.The politician is firm in his/her moral beliefs.
The politician had the morality of a steadfast pilgrim.The politician is firm in his/her moral beliefs.
The politician had the morality of a steadfast pilgrim.The politician is immoral.
The musician had the technique of a ten-thumbed drunken sailor.The musician had horrible technique.
The musician had the technique of a ten-thumbed drunken sailor.The musician had great technique.
The musician had the technique of a top graduate from the juilliard school.The musician had great technique.
The musician had the technique of a top graduate from the juilliard school.The musician had horrible technique.
The professor's lectures were like that of a toddler learning to speak.The professor's lectures were terrible and simplistic.
The professor's lectures were like that of a toddler learning to speak.The professor's lectures were great and profound.
The professor's lectures were like that of newton and einstein simultaneously.The professor's lectures were great and profound.
The professor's lectures were like that of newton and einstein simultaneously.The professor's lectures were terrible and simplistic.
It had the life expectancy of a house fly.It's life expectancy was extremely short.
It had the life expectancy of a house fly.It's  life expectancy was very long.
It had the life expectancy of a redwood tree.It's  life expectancy was very long.
It had the life expectancy of a redwood tree.It's life expectancy was extremely short.
He had the intelljgence to match that of a single cell amoeba.His intelligence level was very low.
He had the intelljgence to match that of a single cell amoeba.His intelligence matched that of a very smart person.
He had the intelljgence to match that of a certified genius.His intelligence matched that of a very smart person.
He had the intelljgence to match that of a certified genius.His intelligence level was very low.
The material had the texture of a new sheet of sand paper.The material was rough and rugged.
The material had the texture of a new sheet of sand paper.The material was smooth and flat.
The material had the texture of a fresh silk sheet.The material was smooth and flat.
The material had the texture of a fresh silk sheet.The material was rough and rugged.
He's as dangerous as a hurricane.He's dangerous.
He's as dangerous as a hurricane.He's not dangerous.
He's as dangerous as a light rain.He's not dangerous.
He's as dangerous as a light rain.He's dangerous.
I understand him as easy as abc.I understand him.
I understand him as easy as abc.I don't understand him.
I understand him as easy as ancient greek.I don't understand him.
I understand him as easy as ancient greek.I understand him.
He's got muscles like a weightlifter.He's muscular.
He's got muscles like a weightlifter.He's not muscular.
He's got muscles like a jellyfish.He's not muscular.
He's got muscles like a jellyfish.He's muscular.
The lion was as sleepy as an upset toddler.The lion was tired.
The lion was as sleepy as an upset toddler.The lion was wide awake.
The lion was as sleepy as a man on redbull and coke.The lion was wide awake.
The lion was as sleepy as a man on redbull and coke.The lion was tired.
The car was as clean as a science lab.The car was very clean.
The car was as clean as a science lab.The car was dirty.
The car was as clean as a pig barn.The car was dirty.
The car was as clean as a pig barn.The car was very clean.
The movie was as exciting as reading the phone book.The movie was boring.
The movie was as exciting as reading the phone book.The movie was exciting.
The movie was as exciting as winning the lottery.The movie was exciting.
The movie was as exciting as winning the lottery.The movie was boring.
That car is about as loud as a falling snowflake.The car is really quiet.
That car is about as loud as a falling snowflake.The car is very, very loud.
That car is about as loud as ww2 tank.The car is very, very loud.
That car is about as loud as ww2 tank.The car is really quiet.
The soda tastes like yesterdays old coffee.The soda is not very good tasting.
The soda tastes like yesterdays old coffee.The soda is very delicious.
The soda tastes like grandma's fresh brewed juice.The soda is very delicious.
The soda tastes like grandma's fresh brewed juice.The soda is not very good tasting.
He has the morality of the pope.He is a very moral person.
He has the morality of the pope.He doesn't have any morals.
He has the morality of a snake.He doesn't have any morals.
He has the morality of a snake.He is a very moral person.
The book was as interesting as a dentist's visit.The book was really boring.
The book was as interesting as a dentist's visit.The book was really interesting.
The book was as interesting as a gossip column.The book was really interesting.
The book was as interesting as a gossip column.The book was really boring.
The party was as fun as a doctor's appointment.The party was not fun at all.
The party was as fun as a doctor's appointment.The party was very fun.
The party was as fun as a circus.The party was very fun.
The party was as fun as a circus.The party was not fun at all.
The reading assignment at school had the length of the bible.The reading assignment at school was very long.
The reading assignment at school had the length of the bible.The reading assignment at school was very short.
The reading assignment at school had the length of a grocery list.The reading assignment at school was very short.
The reading assignment at school had the length of a grocery list.The reading assignment at school was very long.
Understanding is more priceless than diamonds.Understanding is rare and widely renowned as valuable.
Understanding is more priceless than diamonds.Understanding is common and undervalued.
Understanding is more priceless than salt.Understanding is common and undervalued.
Understanding is more priceless than salt.Understanding is rare and widely renowned as valuable.
Morality is a stage play.Morality is performed for the benefit of others.
Morality is a stage play.Morality is a private dialogue between individuals.
Morality is a secret correspondence.Morality is a private dialogue between individuals.
Morality is a secret correspondence.Morality is performed for the benefit of others.
The paint was as impervious to the elements as a coat of graphene.The coating was protective.
The paint was as impervious to the elements as a coat of graphene.The coating was was porous.
The paint was as impervious to the elements as a dry sponge.The coating was was porous.
The paint was as impervious to the elements as a dry sponge.The coating was protective.
The maitre 'd had the charm of a french ambassador.The maitre 'd was well-mannered.
The maitre 'd had the charm of a french ambassador.The maitre 'd was crass.
The maitre 'd had the charm of a strip-joint barker.The maitre 'd was crass.
The maitre 'd had the charm of a strip-joint barker.The maitre 'd was well-mannered.
He asked the young girl to accompany him to the senior prom as assured as james bond ordering a martini.He was confident.
He asked the young girl to accompany him to the senior prom as assured as james bond ordering a martini.He was uncertain.
He asked the young girl to accompany him to the senior prom as assured as kid riding his bike the first time without training wheels.He was uncertain.
He asked the young girl to accompany him to the senior prom as assured as kid riding his bike the first time without training wheels.He was confident.
The electric drill has the power of an oil derrick.The drill is powerfull.
The electric drill has the power of an oil derrick.The drill is weak.
The electric drill has the power of a wood auger.The drill is weak.
The electric drill has the power of a wood auger.The drill is powerfull.
The medicine ball has the weight of a parrot's powder down.The medicine ball is light.
The medicine ball has the weight of a parrot's powder down.The medicine ball is heavy.
The medicine ball has the weight of osmium.The medicine ball is heavy.
The medicine ball has the weight of osmium.The medicine ball is light.
The bruise is as painful as an eskimo nose rub.The bruise does not hurt.
The bruise is as painful as an eskimo nose rub.The bruise hurts.
The bruise is as painful as an inflamed hemorrhoid.The bruise hurts.
The bruise is as painful as an inflamed hemorrhoid.The bruise does not hurt.
The sky was as clear as a crystal.The sky was blue and sunny.
The sky was as clear as a crystal.The sky was cloudy and stormy.
The sky was as muddy as a swamp.The sky was cloudy and stormy.
The sky was as muddy as a swamp.The sky was blue and sunny.
The music was as loud as an earthquake.The music was too loud.
The music was as loud as an earthquake.The music was very quiet.
The music was as loud as a mouse.The music was very quiet.
The music was as loud as a mouse.The music was too loud.
It was healthy like candy.It wasn't healthy.
It was healthy like candy.It was very healthy.
It was healthy like a carrot.It was very healthy.
It was healthy like a carrot.It wasn't healthy.
It was rare like a geode.It was very rare.
It was rare like a geode.It wasn't rare.
It was rare like a penny.It wasn't rare.
It was rare like a penny.It was very rare.
It was sticky like glue.It was very sticky.
It was sticky like glue.It wasn't sticky.
It was sticky like oil.It wasn't sticky.
It was sticky like oil.It was very sticky.
The patient in the doctor's office had all the manners of queen elizabeth.She was very polite.
The patient in the doctor's office had all the manners of queen elizabeth.She was crude.
The patient in the doctor's office had all the manners of ozzy osbourne.She was crude.
The patient in the doctor's office had all the manners of ozzy osbourne.She was very polite.
The man pushed the door closed with as much force as a mack truck on the highway.The man used a lot of strength.
The man pushed the door closed with as much force as a mack truck on the highway.There was not a lot of strength used.
The man pushed the door closed with as much force as a learning to walk toddler.There was not a lot of strength used.
The man pushed the door closed with as much force as a learning to walk toddler.The man used a lot of strength.
The book is as exciting as an empty box.The book is boring.
The book is as exciting as an empty box.The book is exciting.
The book is as exciting as presidential election day.The book is exciting.
The book is as exciting as presidential election day.The book is boring.
The force is as strong as an fire alarm in your sleep.The force is powerful.
The force is as strong as an fire alarm in your sleep.The force is weak.
The force is as strong as a whisper in at a rock concert.The force is weak.
The force is as strong as a whisper in at a rock concert.The force is powerful.
The girl had the strength of a typhoon.The girl was very strong.
The girl had the strength of a typhoon.The girl was weak.
The girl had the strength of a still morning.The girl was weak.
The girl had the strength of a still morning.The girl was very strong.
The bottle seemed butterfly like.The bottle was colorful.
The bottle seemed butterfly like.The bottle was drab.
The bottle seemed moth like.The bottle was drab.
The bottle seemed moth like.The bottle was colorful.
The puzzle had the depth of john the baptist.The puzzle was deep and wise.
The puzzle had the depth of john the baptist.The puzzle was surface only, unseen otherwise.
The puzzle had the depth of doubting thomas.The puzzle was surface only, unseen otherwise.
The puzzle had the depth of doubting thomas.The puzzle was deep and wise.
He pulled a george lucas.He sold out to make a commercialized movie.
He pulled a george lucas.He kept his vision to make an authentic movie.
He pulled a stanley kubrick.He kept his vision to make an authentic movie.
He pulled a stanley kubrick.He sold out to make a commercialized movie.
He is a tesla model 3.He is modern.
He is a tesla model 3.He is out-of-date.
He is a buick century.He is out-of-date.
He is a buick century.He is modern.
She is worth 10 xp.She is inexperienced.
She is worth 10 xp.She is experienced.
She is worth 10000 xp.She is experienced.
She is worth 10000 xp.She is inexperienced.
The man was as strong as a bull.The man was strong.
The man was as strong as a bull.The man was not strong.
The man was as strong as a fly.The man was not strong.
The man was as strong as a fly.The man was strong.
The message in a bottle sailed the ocean like pirate ship.The bottle sailed quickly.
The message in a bottle sailed the ocean like pirate ship.The bottle stayed in one place.
The message in a bottle sailed the ocean like bobbing cork.The bottle stayed in one place.
The message in a bottle sailed the ocean like bobbing cork.The bottle sailed quickly.
The puzzle was as complicated as rocket science.The puzzle was difficult.
The puzzle was as complicated as rocket science.The puzzle was easy.
The puzzle was as complicated as the alphabet.The puzzle was easy.
The puzzle was as complicated as the alphabet.The puzzle was difficult.
This lasagna has the flavor of stale cardboard.The lasagna is below acceptable.
This lasagna has the flavor of stale cardboard.The lasagna is excellent!.
This lasagna has the flavor of buca di beppo.The lasagna is excellent!.
This lasagna has the flavor of buca di beppo.The lasagna is below acceptable.
The puzzle has the difficulty level of a riddle for infants.The puzzle is very easy.
The puzzle has the difficulty level of a riddle for infants.The puzzle is very difficult.
The puzzle has the difficulty level of a thousand-sided rubik's cube.The puzzle is very difficult.
The puzzle has the difficulty level of a thousand-sided rubik's cube.The puzzle is very easy.
The bottle's glass is as clear as a stained glass window.The bottle's glass is not transparent.
The bottle's glass is as clear as a stained glass window.The bottle's glass is very clear and transparent.
The bottle's glass is as clear as looking through binoculars.The bottle's glass is very clear and transparent.
The bottle's glass is as clear as looking through binoculars.The bottle's glass is not transparent.
The choreography has the complexity of a one-man standup comedy act.The choreography is very simple.
The choreography has the complexity of a one-man standup comedy act.The choreography is complex.
The choreography has the complexity of a multiprocessor supercomputer.The choreography is complex.
The choreography has the complexity of a multiprocessor supercomputer.The choreography is very simple.
The woman reminded them that her boyfriend was as strong as a chain on a dogs neck.Her boyfriend was very strong.
The woman reminded them that her boyfriend was as strong as a chain on a dogs neck.There wasn't much strength.
The woman reminded them that her boyfriend was as strong as a fishing line.There wasn't much strength.
The woman reminded them that her boyfriend was as strong as a fishing line.Her boyfriend was very strong.
The shape of the bottle was as familiar to the woman as the size of her waist.The shape was very familiar.
The shape of the bottle was as familiar to the woman as the size of her waist.The shape was unknown.
The shape of the bottle was as familiar to the woman as the number of votes cast in the previous election.The shape was unknown.
The shape of the bottle was as familiar to the woman as the number of votes cast in the previous election.The shape was very familiar.
The complicated puzzle would take them as long to put together as it took to assemble their bookshelf.Putting the puzzle together would be relatively quick.
The complicated puzzle would take them as long to put together as it took to assemble their bookshelf.It would take too long to put the puzzle together.
The complicated puzzle would take them as long to put together as it took to assemble the eiffel tower.It would take too long to put the puzzle together.
The complicated puzzle would take them as long to put together as it took to assemble the eiffel tower.Putting the puzzle together would be relatively quick.
The drink was as strong as water.The drink was not strong.
The drink was as strong as water.The drink was strong.
The drink was as strong as a punch in the gut.The drink was strong.
The drink was as strong as a punch in the gut.The drink was not strong.
The bottle was sealed as tight as fort knox.The bottle was sealed tight.
The bottle was sealed as tight as fort knox.The bottle was not sealed tight.
The bottle was sealed as tight as an xxxxxl tee.The bottle was not sealed tight.
The bottle was sealed as tight as an xxxxxl tee.The bottle was sealed tight.
Solving the puzzle was as easy as petting a dog.Solving the puzzle was easy.
Solving the puzzle was as easy as petting a dog.Solving the puzzle was not easy.
Solving the puzzle was as easy as painting the sistine chapel.Solving the puzzle was not easy.
Solving the puzzle was as easy as painting the sistine chapel.Solving the puzzle was easy.
To him the stack if paperwork looked like it could rival jack's beanstalk in height.To him the stack of paperwork was endless and towering.
To him the stack if paperwork looked like it could rival jack's beanstalk in height.To him the stack of paperwork was short.
To him the stack if paperwork looked like a thin slice of ham.To him the stack of paperwork was short.
To him the stack if paperwork looked like a thin slice of ham.To him the stack of paperwork was endless and towering.
Their shoulders had the weight of ten thousand stars.Their shoulders felt heavy and burdened.
Their shoulders had the weight of ten thousand stars.Their shoulders felt light.
Their shoulders had the weight of a hollow feather.Their shoulders felt light.
Their shoulders had the weight of a hollow feather.Their shoulders felt heavy and burdened.
Seeing the old juke box was like visiting a nasty, useless junkyard.Seeing the old juke box was an eye sore.
Seeing the old juke box was like visiting a nasty, useless junkyard.Seeing the old juke box was a reminder of older times.
Seeing the old juke box was like a key that opens a door of old memories.Seeing the old juke box was a reminder of older times.
Seeing the old juke box was like a key that opens a door of old memories.Seeing the old juke box was an eye sore.
The hero was as mighty as an ox.The hero was strong.
The hero was as mighty as an ox.The hero was weak.
The hero was as mighty as an ant.The hero was weak.
The hero was as mighty as an ant.The hero was strong.
The dog was as quick as a jaguar.The dog was fast.
The dog was as quick as a jaguar.The dog was slow.
The dog was as quick as a turtle on vacation.The dog was slow.
The dog was as quick as a turtle on vacation.The dog was fast.
The bathroom was as clean as a sewer.It was nasty.
The bathroom was as clean as a sewer.It was clean as it could be.
The bathroom was as clean as a pastor's phone.It was clean as it could be.
The bathroom was as clean as a pastor's phone.It was nasty.
It ascended like a balloon off it's string.It ascends a lot.
It ascended like a balloon off it's string.It doesn't ascend at all.
It ascended like a safe.It doesn't ascend at all.
It ascended like a safe.It ascends a lot.
They're about as similar as pepsi and coke.They're very similar.
They're about as similar as pepsi and coke.They aren't similar at all.
They're about as similar as cake and hot sauce.They aren't similar at all.
They're about as similar as cake and hot sauce.They're very similar.
The children are rugrats.The children can't walk.
The children are rugrats.The children can't sit still.
The children are bouncy like a flea.The children can't sit still.
The children are bouncy like a flea.The children can't walk.
A corporation is as much a person as a pet rock.A corporation is not a person.
A corporation is as much a person as a pet rock.A corporation is a person.
A corporation is as much a person as one's best friend.A corporation is a person.
A corporation is as much a person as one's best friend.A corporation is not a person.
She had the personal hygiene of a homeless drunk.She had bad personal hygiene.
She had the personal hygiene of a homeless drunk.She had good personal hygiene.
She had the personal hygiene of a surgeon in the operating room.She had good personal hygiene.
She had the personal hygiene of a surgeon in the operating room.She had bad personal hygiene.
He worked as hard as dead slug.He did not work hard.
He worked as hard as dead slug.He worked hard.
He worked as hard as a one-handed acrobat.He worked hard.
He worked as hard as a one-handed acrobat.He did not work hard.
His feelings are as fragile as a diamond.His feelings are hard, not fragile.
His feelings are as fragile as a diamond.His feelings are easily hurt.
His feelings are as fragile as balsa wood.His feelings are easily hurt.
His feelings are as fragile as balsa wood.His feelings are hard, not fragile.
She's as smart as a rocket scientist.She is extremely smart.
She's as smart as a rocket scientist.She is not very smart at all.
She's as smart as a toaster.She is not very smart at all.
She's as smart as a toaster.She is extremely smart.
The girl's ego has the strength of spider silk.The girl has a strong ego.
The girl's ego has the strength of spider silk.The girl has a fragile ego.
The girl's ego has the strength of a glass flute.The girl has a fragile ego.
The girl's ego has the strength of a glass flute.The girl has a strong ego.
The woman is as generous as a thanksgiving buffet.The woman is very generous.
The woman is as generous as a thanksgiving buffet.The woman is a cheapskate.
The woman is as generous as an appetizer.The woman is a cheapskate.
The woman is as generous as an appetizer.The woman is very generous.
The boy has the creativity of a telephone pole.The boy is not creative.
The boy has the creativity of a telephone pole.The boy is very creative.
The boy has the creativity of a gallery.The boy is very creative.
The boy has the creativity of a gallery.The boy is not creative.
That person has the voice of a songbird.That person's voice is light and pleasant.
That person has the voice of a songbird.That person's voice is loud and cacaphonic.
That person has the voice of a foghorn.That person's voice is loud and cacaphonic.
That person has the voice of a foghorn.That person's voice is light and pleasant.
I'm as fragile as a vase.I'm very fragile.
I'm as fragile as a vase.I'm very tough.
I'm as fragile as a brick.I'm very tough.
I'm as fragile as a brick.I'm very fragile.
I work as hard as an ant.I work hard.
I work as hard as an ant.I don't work hard.
I work as hard as a sloth.I don't work hard.
I work as hard as a sloth.I work hard.
The person's emotion has the fragility of a butterfly.The person is emotionally weak.
The person's emotion has the fragility of a butterfly.The person is emotionally strong.
The person's emotion has the fragility of bull unscathed by all the years of fighting in the wild.The person is emotionally strong.
The person's emotion has the fragility of bull unscathed by all the years of fighting in the wild.The person is emotionally weak.
The pancake has the properties of fluffy birthday cake.The pancake is soft.
The pancake has the properties of fluffy birthday cake.The pancake is stiff.
The pancake has the properties of a hockey puck.The pancake is stiff.
The pancake has the properties of a hockey puck.The pancake is soft.
The bathroom has the smell a beautiful women's perfume.The bathroom smells good.
The bathroom has the smell a beautiful women's perfume.The bathroom smells bad.
The bathroom has the smell of an expired milk left outside in room temperature.The bathroom smells bad.
The bathroom has the smell of an expired milk left outside in room temperature.The bathroom smells good.
She was as late as a dead guy to his job.She was really late.
She was as late as a dead guy to his job.She was really early.
She was as late as a early bird to the worm.She was really early.
She was as late as a early bird to the worm.She was really late.
His blood was darker than midnight.The blood was dark.
His blood was darker than midnight.The blood was light.
His blood was darker than noon.The blood was light.
His blood was darker than noon.The blood was dark.
The event was as significant as a car driving.It was common.
The event was as significant as a car driving.It was rare.
The event was as significant as a winning lotto ticket.It was rare.
The event was as significant as a winning lotto ticket.It was common.
The syrup had the thickness of a female character designed by 4chan's /co/ board.The syrup was very thick.
The syrup had the thickness of a female character designed by 4chan's /co/ board.The syrup had no thickness.
The syrup had the thickness of a fully melted ice cube.The syrup had no thickness.
The syrup had the thickness of a fully melted ice cube.The syrup was very thick.
The baseball game went on for the length of the lord of the rings trilogy extended edition.The baseball game went on for a long time.
The baseball game went on for the length of the lord of the rings trilogy extended edition.The baseball game was over quickly.
The baseball game went on for the length of a 1-year-old's birthday party.The baseball game was over quickly.
The baseball game went on for the length of a 1-year-old's birthday party.The baseball game went on for a long time.
He was as handsome as the vampires in twilight.He was very handsome.
He was as handsome as the vampires in twilight.He was very ugly.
He was as handsome as the vampire in nosferatu.He was very ugly.
He was as handsome as the vampire in nosferatu.He was very handsome.
I had the wealth of a tycoon.I was wealthy.
I had the wealth of a tycoon.I was poor.
I had the wealth of a bum.I was poor.
I had the wealth of a bum.I was wealthy.
The bed was as soft as a cloud.The bed was soft.
The bed was as soft as a cloud.The bed was hard.
The bed was as soft as concrete.The bed was hard.
The bed was as soft as concrete.The bed was soft.
His teeth shined like pearls.His teeth were shiny.
His teeth shined like pearls.His teeth were dull and not shiny.
His teeth shined like dirt.His teeth were dull and not shiny.
His teeth shined like dirt.His teeth were shiny.
The dancing couple has the grace of an epileptic seizure.The couple danced poorly.
The dancing couple has the grace of an epileptic seizure.The couple danced gracefully.
The dancing couple has the grace of a figure skater.The couple danced gracefully.
The dancing couple has the grace of a figure skater.The couple danced poorly.
The complaints have the significance of a rock in a quarry.The complaints are trivial.
The complaints have the significance of a rock in a quarry.The complaints are serious.
The complaints have the significance of a nuclear war.The complaints are serious.
The complaints have the significance of a nuclear war.The complaints are trivial.
The arrival prompted all the fanfare of a tired yawn.The arrival was unremarkable.
The arrival prompted all the fanfare of a tired yawn.The arrival was exciting.
The arrival prompted all the fanfare of a contestant crossing the finish line.The arrival was exciting.
The arrival prompted all the fanfare of a contestant crossing the finish line.The arrival was unremarkable.
She was as adorable as a small kitten.She was very cute and small.
She was as adorable as a small kitten.She was ugly cute.
She was as adorable as a pug.She was ugly cute.
She was as adorable as a pug.She was very cute and small.
The woman was as cruel as a homicide.The woman was very cruel.
The woman was as cruel as a homicide.The woman was very kind.
The woman was as cruel as a valentine.The woman was very kind.
The woman was as cruel as a valentine.The woman was very cruel.
The woman's personality was as sweet as a lollipop.The woman's personality was sweet.
The woman's personality was as sweet as a lollipop.The woman's personality was sour.
The woman's personality was as sweet as a war head.The woman's personality was sour.
The woman's personality was as sweet as a war head.The woman's personality was sweet.
The soccer team played with the coordination of a tornado.The soccer team played in a very uncoordinated manner.
The soccer team played with the coordination of a tornado.The soccer team played in a very coordinated manner.
The soccer team played with the coordination of an orchestra.The soccer team played in a very coordinated manner.
The soccer team played with the coordination of an orchestra.The soccer team played in a very uncoordinated manner.
His head is as big as a watermelon.The head is large.
His head is as big as a watermelon.His head is small.
His head is as big as a pea.His head is small.
His head is as big as a pea.The head is large.
The bear ran as fast as lightning in a storm.The bear was fast.
The bear ran as fast as lightning in a storm.The bear was slow.
The bear ran as fast as a slug on drugs.The bear was slow.
The bear ran as fast as a slug on drugs.The bear was fast.
The fight was as ugly as a spider with fur.The fight was violent.
The fight was as ugly as a spider with fur.The fight was tame.
The fight was as ugly as a newborn baby.The fight was tame.
The fight was as ugly as a newborn baby.The fight was violent.
The man's head is a hot air baloon.The man's head is very large.
The man's head is a hot air baloon.The man's head is very small.
The man's head is a marble.The man's head is very small.
The man's head is a marble.The man's head is very large.
The woman's breasts are planets.Her boobs are huge.
The woman's breasts are planets.Her boobs are tiny.
The woman's breasts are grapes.Her boobs are tiny.
The woman's breasts are grapes.Her boobs are huge.
Her head was the size of an apple.Her head was small.
Her head was the size of an apple.Her head was big.
Her head was the size of a basketball.Her head was big.
Her head was the size of a basketball.Her head was small.
The road sign was as informative as an empty notebook.The road sign was not informative.
The road sign was as informative as an empty notebook.The road sign was informative.
The road sign was as informative as an encyclopedia.The road sign was informative.
The road sign was as informative as an encyclopedia.The road sign was not informative.
The leaves were as colorful as a coffin.The leaves were not colorful.
The leaves were as colorful as a coffin.The leaves were colorful.
The leaves were as colorful as a kaleidoscope.The leaves were colorful.
The leaves were as colorful as a kaleidoscope.The leaves were not colorful.
She was beautiful like a toadstool.She was ugly.
She was beautiful like a toadstool.She was very beautiful.
She was beautiful like a daisy.She was very beautiful.
She was beautiful like a daisy.She was ugly.
He was flashy like a camera.He was very flashy.
He was flashy like a camera.He wasn't flashy at all.
He was flashy like a hole.He wasn't flashy at all.
He was flashy like a hole.He was very flashy.
Hair is a crown.Hair is a pretty, unessential adornment.
Hair is a crown.Hair is plain protection for the head.
Hair is a helmet.Hair is plain protection for the head.
Hair is a helmet.Hair is a pretty, unessential adornment.
The kid has the wealth of knowledge of a peanut.The kid is stupid.
The kid has the wealth of knowledge of a peanut.The kid is smart.
The kid has the wealth of knowledge of the next einstein.The kid is smart.
The kid has the wealth of knowledge of the next einstein.The kid is stupid.
This weather reminds me of me being in my gym's sauna.The weather is hot.
This weather reminds me of me being in my gym's sauna.The weather is cold.
This weather reminds me of me wading through the frozen lake naked.The weather is cold.
This weather reminds me of me wading through the frozen lake naked.The weather is hot.
This hotel reminds me of the taj mahal.This hotel is grand.
This hotel reminds me of the taj mahal.This hotel is poor.
This hotel reminds me of the homeless shelter.This hotel is poor.
This hotel reminds me of the homeless shelter.This hotel is grand.
The chair is as comfortable as a rock slab.The chair is really uncomfortable.
The chair is as comfortable as a rock slab.The chair is really comfortable.
The chair is as comfortable as a pillow.The chair is really comfortable.
The chair is as comfortable as a pillow.The chair is really uncomfortable.
The book's plot is as straightforward as a grocery list.The book's plot is really straightforward.
The book's plot is as straightforward as a grocery list.The book's plot is really complicated.
The book's plot is as straightforward as geometry homework.The book's plot is really complicated.
The book's plot is as straightforward as geometry homework.The book's plot is really straightforward.
The boy's dinner portion size was as big as a lion.The boy's dinner portion size was huge.
The boy's dinner portion size was as big as a lion.The boy's dinner portion size was small.
The boy's dinner portion size was as big as a penny.The boy's dinner portion size was small.
The boy's dinner portion size was as big as a penny.The boy's dinner portion size was huge.
Married life is sweet cake.Married life is wonderful experience.
Married life is sweet cake.Married life is an awful experience.
Married life is a bitter drink.Married life is an awful experience.
Married life is a bitter drink.Married life is wonderful experience.
Her life is a scary movie.Her life is full of awful experiences.
Her life is a scary movie.Her life is full of beautiful experiences.
Her life is a journey to paradise.Her life is full of beautiful experiences.
Her life is a journey to paradise.Her life is full of awful experiences.
The drugs were as potent as an atom bomb.The drugs were strong.
The drugs were as potent as an atom bomb.The drugs were weak.
The drugs were as potent as a couple of aspirin past their expiration date.The drugs were weak.
The drugs were as potent as a couple of aspirin past their expiration date.The drugs were strong.
The pate had the texture of savory silk.The pate was excellent.
The pate had the texture of savory silk.The pate was inedible.
The pate had the texture of canned dog food.The pate was inedible.
The pate had the texture of canned dog food.The pate was excellent.
The car took off like f-15 eagle.The car was fast.
The car took off like f-15 eagle.The car was slow.
The car took off like a drunken tortoise.The car was slow.
The car took off like a drunken tortoise.The car was fast.
The bed was as comfortable as a cradle of caressing pillows.The bed was very comfortable.
The bed was as comfortable as a cradle of caressing pillows.The bed was very uncomfortable.
The bed was as comfortable as sleeping naked on roof shingles.The bed was very uncomfortable.
The bed was as comfortable as sleeping naked on roof shingles.The bed was very comfortable.
The training was as useful as a pair of waterskis in the sahara.The training was useless.
The training was as useful as a pair of waterskis in the sahara.The training was critically useful.
The training was as useful as an oxygen to trapped miners.The training was critically useful.
The training was as useful as an oxygen to trapped miners.The training was useless.
She kept as still as the washington monument.She kept still.
She kept as still as the washington monument.She did not keep still.
She kept as still as a bouncing superball.She did not keep still.
She kept as still as a bouncing superball.She kept still.
The reporter wrote like a monkey on crack.The reporter wrote badly.
The reporter wrote like a monkey on crack.The reporter wrote well.
The reporter wrote like hemingway.The reporter wrote well.
The reporter wrote like hemingway.The reporter wrote badly.
The future seems as bright as the arctic winter.The future seems dull.
The future seems as bright as the arctic winter.The future seems bright.
The future seems as bright as a welding torch.The future seems bright.
The future seems as bright as a welding torch.The future seems dull.
The reporter got a scoop that was a platinum mine.The scoop was good.
The reporter got a scoop that was a platinum mine.The scoop was bad.
The reporter got a scoop that was a lump of sand.The scoop was bad.
The reporter got a scoop that was a lump of sand.The scoop was good.
The apartment was a hamster cage.The apartment was small.
The apartment was a hamster cage.The apartment was huge.
The apartment was an empire state building.The apartment was huge.
The apartment was an empire state building.The apartment was small.
The football field's a theatre and you're a prop.The individual is statuesque and hidden in the background.
The football field's a theatre and you're a prop.The individual is graceful and the focus of one's attention.
The football field's a theatre and you're a ballerina.The individual is graceful and the focus of one's attention.
The football field's a theatre and you're a ballerina.The individual is statuesque and hidden in the background.
Life is simply a board game of risk.Life is full of battles and turmoil where only one side is victorious.
Life is simply a board game of risk.Life is full of wonder and color where the experience is beneficial to all.
Life is simply a board game of candyland.Life is full of wonder and color where the experience is beneficial to all.
Life is simply a board game of candyland.Life is full of battles and turmoil where only one side is victorious.
My wife was the torch to light my way.The wife was what brought the individual out of darkness and into prosperity.
My wife was the torch to light my way.The wife was dragging one's entire life down and into depression.
My wife was the sandbag tied to my foot.The wife was dragging one's entire life down and into depression.
My wife was the sandbag tied to my foot.The wife was what brought the individual out of darkness and into prosperity.
The moonshiner's still was a spider mite.The still was small.
The moonshiner's still was a spider mite.The still was large.
The moonshiner's still was a giant squid.The still was large.
The moonshiner's still was a giant squid.The still was small.
The reporter was a roach motel.The reporter was ineffective.
The reporter was a roach motel.The reporter was effective.
The reporter was a bear snap trap.The reporter was effective.
The reporter was a bear snap trap.The reporter was ineffective.
The boy's future was an empty coloring book.The boy's future was wide open, unforseen.
The boy's future was an empty coloring book.The boy's future was fully laid out, forseen.
The boy's future was a colorful coffee table book.The boy's future was fully laid out, forseen.
The boy's future was a colorful coffee table book.The boy's future was wide open, unforseen.
He runs like a stallion.He runs well.
He runs like a stallion.He runs badly.
He runs like a donkey.He runs badly.
He runs like a donkey.He runs well.
Those kids were behaving like kittens.Those kids were adorable.
Those kids were behaving like kittens.Those kids were annoying.
Those kids were behaving like cockroaches.Those kids were annoying.
Those kids were behaving like cockroaches.Those kids were adorable.
That man is as healthy as an ox.The man is very healthy and robust.
That man is as healthy as an ox.The man is not healthy at all.
That man is as healthy as a fish on land.The man is not healthy at all.
That man is as healthy as a fish on land.The man is very healthy and robust.
The classroom was as crowded as a store on black friday.The classroom is very crowded.
The classroom was as crowded as a store on black friday.The classroom is not crowded and basically empty.
The classroom was as crowded as a blockbuster video.The classroom is not crowded and basically empty.
The classroom was as crowded as a blockbuster video.The classroom is very crowded.
That movie was as scary as a wild animal attack.The movie was very scary.
That movie was as scary as a wild animal attack.The movie wasn't scary at all.
That movie was as scary as a carebear.The movie wasn't scary at all.
That movie was as scary as a carebear.The movie was very scary.
Children are like a flower seed.They grow up to be beautiful creatures based on the nutrition we provide.
Children are like a flower seed.Children should be trained to navigate life on their own to overcome obstacles without fear.
Children are like an airline pilot.Children should be trained to navigate life on their own to overcome obstacles without fear.
Children are like an airline pilot.They grow up to be beautiful creatures based on the nutrition we provide.
Life is like a ticking clock.Time lost cannot be recovered again so, use time wisely.
Life is like a ticking clock.We should live a carefree life to stay stress free.
Life is like a flying bird.We should live a carefree life to stay stress free.
Life is like a flying bird.Time lost cannot be recovered again so, use time wisely.
The instruction manual is a maze.The instructions are complicated.
The instruction manual is a maze.The instructions are well written.
The instruction manual is a novel.The instructions are well written.
The instruction manual is a novel.The instructions are complicated.
This shower is a fire hydrant.The shower had high pressure.
This shower is a fire hydrant.The shower has low pressure.
This shower is a soft rain.The shower has low pressure.
This shower is a soft rain.The shower had high pressure.
The house was as big as an office building.The house was very large.
The house was as big as an office building.The house was small.
The house was as big as an ice fishing shack.The house was small.
The house was as big as an ice fishing shack.The house was very large.
The pie was as sweet as a child helping clean.The pie was very sweet.
The pie was as sweet as a child helping clean.The pie was bitter.
The pie was as sweet as a mean junkyard dog.The pie was bitter.
The pie was as sweet as a mean junkyard dog.The pie was very sweet.
The fire burned as long as a three part movie.The fire burned a long time.
The fire burned as long as a three part movie.The fire burned quickly.
The fire burned as long as a stop at the gas station.The fire burned quickly.
The fire burned as long as a stop at the gas station.The fire burned a long time.
The class has the patience of an elephant charging through lions.The class is very impatient.
The class has the patience of an elephant charging through lions.The class is extremely patient.
The class has the patience of mr. miyagi.The class is extremely patient.
The class has the patience of mr. miyagi.The class is very impatient.
His fitness level was better than the rock.He was extremely fit.
His fitness level was better than the rock.He was unfit and slovenly.
His fitness level was akin to a drunken sloth.He was unfit and slovenly.
His fitness level was akin to a drunken sloth.He was extremely fit.
He has the class of a british royal.He is refined and well behaved.
He has the class of a british royal.He is tactless.
He has the class of a town drunk.He is tactless.
He has the class of a town drunk.He is refined and well behaved.
I have the personal health approach of a triathlete.I am living a very healthy lifestyle.
I have the personal health approach of a triathlete.I am making bad choices for my health.
I have the personal health approach of a carnival worker.I am making bad choices for my health.
I have the personal health approach of a carnival worker.I am living a very healthy lifestyle.
When it comes to being transient, he has the mobility of an anvil.He does not like to leave his current location.
When it comes to being transient, he has the mobility of an anvil.He is always on the move.
When it comes to being transient, he has the mobility of a mountain lion.He is always on the move.
When it comes to being transient, he has the mobility of a mountain lion.He does not like to leave his current location.
The light has the brightness of the sun.The light is extremely bright.
The light has the brightness of the sun.The light is dark.
The light has the brightness of a cave.The light is dark.
The light has the brightness of a cave.The light is extremely bright.
The sky is a window.The sky is clear.
The sky is a window.The sky is a mess/not clear.
The sky is a muddy puddle.The sky is a mess/not clear.
The sky is a muddy puddle.The sky is clear.
Her hair is made of straw.Her hair is rough.
Her hair is made of straw.Her hair is soft.
Her hair is made of silk.Her hair is soft.
Her hair is made of silk.Her hair is rough.
His fear became his prison.His fear had him so emotionally locked up that he felt imprisoned.
His fear became his prison.His fear became his normal and his comfort he doesn't know what it's like to live in a place any different.
His fear became his heaven.His fear became his normal and his comfort he doesn't know what it's like to live in a place any different.
His fear became his heaven.His fear had him so emotionally locked up that he felt imprisoned.
I'm the master of my sea.I am in control of my life.
I'm the master of my sea.I am in control of others lives.
I'm the master of your sea.I am in control of others lives.
I'm the master of your sea.I am in control of my life.
The classroom was a zoo.The classroom was so loud.
The classroom was a zoo.The classroom was very controlled and peaceful.
The classroom was a sanctuary.The classroom was very controlled and peaceful.
The classroom was a sanctuary.The classroom was so loud.
This plane can fly like an eagle.This plane can fly.
This plane can fly like an eagle.This plane can scarcely fly at all.
This plane can fly like a dodo.This plane can scarcely fly at all.
This plane can fly like a dodo.This plane can fly.
I'm as impartial as an umpire.I'm impartial.
I'm as impartial as an umpire.I'm very partial.
I'm as impartial as a crooked judge.I'm very partial.
I'm as impartial as a crooked judge.I'm impartial.
The patient was as relaxed as a soldier in the trenches.The patient was anxious.
The patient was as relaxed as a soldier in the trenches.The patient was relaxed.
The patient was as relaxed as a little boy in his loving mother's arms.The patient was relaxed.
The patient was as relaxed as a little boy in his loving mother's arms.The patient was anxious.
The artist was creative in the same sense as oscar wilde.The artist was original and creative.
The artist was creative in the same sense as oscar wilde.The artist was generic.
The artist was creative in the same sense as an average pop artist.The artist was generic.
The artist was creative in the same sense as an average pop artist.The artist was original and creative.
He woke up feeling like an icu patient.He woke up feeling ill and in bad shape.
He woke up feeling like an icu patient.He woke up feeling healthy and in great shape.
He woke up feeling like a college athlete in their prime.He woke up feeling healthy and in great shape.
He woke up feeling like a college athlete in their prime.He woke up feeling ill and in bad shape.
This math problem has the difficulty level of david being squashed by goliath and his grandmother twenty times.This math problem is ridiculously hard.
This math problem has the difficulty level of david being squashed by goliath and his grandmother twenty times.This math problem is really easy.
This math problem has the difficulty level of a kid winning a spelling contest for spelling "cat".This math problem is really easy.
This math problem has the difficulty level of a kid winning a spelling contest for spelling "cat".This math problem is ridiculously hard.
My trust level for my husband is that of me going through the depths of heaven and hell and back again without problems.I trust my husband completely.
My trust level for my husband is that of me going through the depths of heaven and hell and back again without problems.I don't even trust my husband.
My trust level for my husband is that of a dead cockroach.I don't even trust my husband.
My trust level for my husband is that of a dead cockroach.I trust my husband completely.
The truck is the size of a mountain of boulders.The truck is huge.
The truck is the size of a mountain of boulders.The truck is small.
The truck is the size of a chihuahua's doghouse.The truck is small.
The truck is the size of a chihuahua's doghouse.The truck is huge.
Woman was able to fly back and forth between her city and chicago as often as she could drive to her local theater.Flying was easy for the woman.
Woman was able to fly back and forth between her city and chicago as often as she could drive to her local theater.Flying was difficult.
Woman was able to fly back and forth between her city and chicago as often as she could drive to the ocean from minnesota.Flying was difficult.
Woman was able to fly back and forth between her city and chicago as often as she could drive to the ocean from minnesota.Flying was easy for the woman.
The woman cooking in her kitchen reminded her of cooking with her grandmother.Cooking was a good experience.
The woman cooking in her kitchen reminded her of cooking with her grandmother.Cooking was something she dreaded.
The woman cooking in her kitchen reminded her of burning thanksgiving dinner.Cooking was something she dreaded.
The woman cooking in her kitchen reminded her of burning thanksgiving dinner.Cooking was a good experience.
Nobody would notice if you replaced that bed with a plank of wood.The bed is really hard.
Nobody would notice if you replaced that bed with a plank of wood.The bed is really soft.
Nobody would notice if you replaced that bed with dough.The bed is really soft.
Nobody would notice if you replaced that bed with dough.The bed is really hard.
His breath is that of a garbage dumpster.His breath smells horrible.
His breath is that of a garbage dumpster.His breath smells good.
His breath is that of a field of mint leaves.His breath smells good.
His breath is that of a field of mint leaves.His breath smells horrible.
Her life was as eventful as the olympics.Her life was eventful.
Her life was as eventful as the olympics.Her life was not eventful.
Her life was as eventful as solitary confinement.Her life was not eventful.
Her life was as eventful as solitary confinement.Her life was eventful.
She had feet the size of surfboards.Her feet were large in size.
She had feet the size of surfboards.Her feet were small in size.
She had feet the size of matchboxes.Her feet were small in size.
She had feet the size of matchboxes.Her feet were large in size.
The couch was as comfy as a bed of nails.The couch was hard to lie on.
The couch was as comfy as a bed of nails.The couch was comfortable.
The couch was as comfy as a hot tub.The couch was comfortable.
The couch was as comfy as a hot tub.The couch was hard to lie on.
The show was as exciting as a superbowl.The show was fun to watch.
The show was as exciting as a superbowl.The show was boring.
The show was as exciting as watching paint dry.The show was boring.
The show was as exciting as watching paint dry.The show was fun to watch.
She has made as much progress as a moving glacier.She has made no progress.
She has made as much progress as a moving glacier.She has made much progress.
She has made as much progress as a space x rocket.She has made much progress.
She has made as much progress as a space x rocket.She has made no progress.
May you live as long as a shooting star.May you not live long.
May you live as long as a shooting star.May you live long.
May you live as long as the ocean.May you live long.
May you live as long as the ocean.May you not live long.
The street was as crooked as a ruler.The street was not crooked.
The street was as crooked as a ruler.The street was crooked.
The street was as crooked as a maze.The street was crooked.
The street was as crooked as a maze.The street was not crooked.
Today life is a bumper car.Life is aimless, slow.
Today life is a bumper car.Life is focused, fast.
Today life is a bullet train.Life is focused, fast.
Today life is a bullet train.Life is aimless, slow.
Losing a bet on a weekend football game is a boulder in a puddle.The loss would completely overcome the situation.
Losing a bet on a weekend football game is a boulder in a puddle.The loss would be rather insignificant and easily swept away.
Losing a bet on a weekend football game is a leaf in the wind.The loss would be rather insignificant and easily swept away.
Losing a bet on a weekend football game is a leaf in the wind.The loss would completely overcome the situation.
His stern demeanor was a closed book.His appearance was a complete unknown and could contain any emotion until opened.
His stern demeanor was a closed book.His appearance is a warning not to approach.
His stern demeanor was a alarm siren.His appearance is a warning not to approach.
His stern demeanor was a alarm siren.His appearance was a complete unknown and could contain any emotion until opened.
My toddler's emotions match his outfit of extraordinary colors.The child's emotions are lively and expressive to the world.
My toddler's emotions match his outfit of extraordinary colors.The child's emotions are guarded and blend into one another in uncertainty.
My toddler's emotions match his outfit of grayscale.The child's emotions are guarded and blend into one another in uncertainty.
My toddler's emotions match his outfit of grayscale.The child's emotions are lively and expressive to the world.
The progress was treading along as a tortoise.The progress was very slow.
The progress was treading along as a tortoise.The progress was very agile.
The progress was galloping as a race-horse.The progress was very agile.
The progress was galloping as a race-horse.The progress was very slow.
The puddles in the backyard were as lakes.The puddles in the backyard were quite big.
The puddles in the backyard were as lakes.The puddles in the backyard were minimal.
The puddles in the backyard were as weren't much more than a cup of spilled water.The puddles in the backyard were minimal.
The puddles in the backyard were as weren't much more than a cup of spilled water.The puddles in the backyard were quite big.
That house is the size of a jumbo jet.That house is really big.
That house is the size of a jumbo jet.That house is very small.
That house is the size of a shrimp.That house is very small.
That house is the size of a shrimp.That house is really big.
The tv's picture is as clear as a dirty window.The tv's picture is not very clear or easy to see through.
The tv's picture is as clear as a dirty window.The tv's picture is crisp and clear, easy to see.
The tv's picture is as clear as the crisp night air.The tv's picture is crisp and clear, easy to see.
The tv's picture is as clear as the crisp night air.The tv's picture is not very clear or easy to see through.
Faith is a beacon of light.Faith is illuminating.
Faith is a beacon of light.Faith is blinding.
Faith is a blindfold.Faith is blinding.
Faith is a blindfold.Faith is illuminating.
She was as rational as a squirrel on methamphetamines.She was irrational.
She was as rational as a squirrel on methamphetamines.She was rational.
She was as rational as a judge.She was rational.
She was as rational as a judge.She was irrational.
His hair was as clean as a trashdumpster.His hair was dirty.
His hair was as clean as a trashdumpster.His hair was clean.
His hair was as clean as a hospital lobby.His hair was clean.
His hair was as clean as a hospital lobby.His hair was dirty.
The dog was as loud as an elephant.The dog was loud.
The dog was as loud as an elephant.The dog was quiet.
The dog was as loud as a mouse.The dog was quiet.
The dog was as loud as a mouse.The dog was loud.
The cat was as big as a dog.The cat was large.
The cat was as big as a dog.The cat was small.
The cat was as big as a mouse.The cat was small.
The cat was as big as a mouse.The cat was large.
The play was as thrilling as a rollercoaster.The play was thrilling.
The play was as thrilling as a rollercoaster.The play was boring.
The play was as thrilling as watching paint dry.The play was boring.
The play was as thrilling as watching paint dry.The play was thrilling.
The shot was as clean as a papercut.It was a good shot.
The shot was as clean as a papercut.It was a sloppy shot.
The shot was as clean as a sailors vocabulary.It was a sloppy shot.
The shot was as clean as a sailors vocabulary.It was a good shot.
Donations to the shelter were a tidal wave.Donations came in with torrential support.
Donations to the shelter were a tidal wave.Donations were few and far between.
Donations to the shelter were a trickle.Donations were few and far between.
Donations to the shelter were a trickle.Donations came in with torrential support.
After the rain the street was a lake.The rain flooded the street making it hard to pass.
After the rain the street was a lake.The rain cleaned away any bit of debris and dirt.
After the rain the street was a fresh canvas.The rain cleaned away any bit of debris and dirt.
After the rain the street was a fresh canvas.The rain flooded the street making it hard to pass.
The sun was a beacon.The sun's warmth refreshed and comforted.
The sun was a beacon.The sun's heat was overpowering and debilitating.
The sun was a torture device.The sun's heat was overpowering and debilitating.
The sun was a torture device.The sun's warmth refreshed and comforted.
College is war.College is difficult and sometimes painful.
College is war.College is easy and fun.
College is a game of checkers.College is easy and fun.
College is a game of checkers.College is difficult and sometimes painful.
Figuring out the meaning of life is like hopscotch.Figuring out the meaning of life is so easy a child could do it.
Figuring out the meaning of life is like hopscotch.Figuring out the meaning of life is complicated and difficult.
Figuring out the meaning of life is like advanced calculus.Figuring out the meaning of life is complicated and difficult.
Figuring out the meaning of life is like advanced calculus.Figuring out the meaning of life is so easy a child could do it.
Gambling had the appeal of a warm bath.Gambling was enticing.
Gambling had the appeal of a warm bath.Gambling was not alluring.
Gambling had the appeal of sleeping on a cactus.Gambling was not alluring.
Gambling had the appeal of sleeping on a cactus.Gambling was enticing.
The statement was full of the deep meaning of a shakespearean drama.The statement is profound.
The statement was full of the deep meaning of a shakespearean drama.The statement is shallow and simple.
The statement was full of the deep meaning of a popsicle stick joke.The statement is shallow and simple.
The statement was full of the deep meaning of a popsicle stick joke.The statement is profound.
He had the rationality of a professor of logic.He was intelligent and deliberate.
He had the rationality of a professor of logic.He was dumb and impulsive.
He had the rationality of confused turkey.He was dumb and impulsive.
He had the rationality of confused turkey.He was intelligent and deliberate.
Rationality is a curse.Rationality negatively affects people's well-being.
Rationality is a curse.Rationality permanently improves people's well-being.
Rationality is a cure.Rationality permanently improves people's well-being.
Rationality is a cure.Rationality negatively affects people's well-being.
He had the gambling addiction of an adrenaline junkie who just won the lottery.He has a bad gambling addiction.
He had the gambling addiction of an adrenaline junkie who just won the lottery.He had no gambling addiction.
He had the gambling addiction of a frugal money hoarder.He had no gambling addiction.
He had the gambling addiction of a frugal money hoarder.He has a bad gambling addiction.
His investments had the security of windows stock in the '90s.His investments were quite secure.
His investments had the security of windows stock in the '90s.His investments have little security.
His investments had the security of beanie babies after the '90s.His investments have little security.
His investments had the security of beanie babies after the '90s.His investments were quite secure.
The couple was as close as magnets.The couple was very close.
The couple was as close as magnets.The couple was very distant.
The couple was as close as the north and south poles.The couple was very distant.
The couple was as close as the north and south poles.The couple was very close.
The door was as sturdy as an anvil.The door was strong.
The door was as sturdy as an anvil.The door was weak.
The door was as sturdy as a wet noodle.The door was weak.
The door was as sturdy as a wet noodle.The door was strong.
The watermelon was as sweet as a lemon.The watermelon was bitter.
The watermelon was as sweet as a lemon.The watermelon was sweet.
The watermelon was as sweet as a chocolate icecream.The watermelon was sweet.
The watermelon was as sweet as a chocolate icecream.The watermelon was bitter.
I was as alert as a sentry.I was alert.
I was as alert as a sentry.I was not alert.
I was as alert as a vegetable.I was not alert.
I was as alert as a vegetable.I was alert.
He stood as still as a statue.He stood very still.
He stood as still as a statue.He didn't stay still at all.
He stood as still as wind chimes in a hurricane.He didn't stay still at all.
He stood as still as wind chimes in a hurricane.He stood very still.
It was old like dust.It was very old.
It was old like dust.It wasn't old.
It was old like a baby.It wasn't old.
It was old like a baby.It was very old.
She was as transparent as glass.She was very transparent.
She was as transparent as glass.She wasn't transparent.
She was as transparent as a brick.She wasn't transparent.
She was as transparent as a brick.She was very transparent.
The man has the voice of a tuba.The mans voice has a very deep pitch.
The man has the voice of a tuba.The mans voice has a very high pitch.
The man has the voice of a flute.The mans voice has a very high pitch.
The man has the voice of a flute.The mans voice has a very deep pitch.
The dog has the bark of a tug boat.The dog has a very loud bark.
The dog has the bark of a tug boat.The dog has a very quiet bark.
The dog has the bark of a mouse.The dog has a very quiet bark.
The dog has the bark of a mouse.The dog has a very loud bark.
The man is a tank.The man is built strong and powerful.
The man is a tank.The man is dainty and particular.
The man is a doll.The man is dainty and particular.
The man is a doll.The man is built strong and powerful.
The sunset is as vibrant as a rose blossom.The sunset is vividly colorful.
The sunset is as vibrant as a rose blossom.The sunset is dull.
The sunset is as vibrant as tar.The sunset is dull.
The sunset is as vibrant as tar.The sunset is vividly colorful.
The dancer is as graceful as a gentle breeze.The dancer is graceful.
The dancer is as graceful as a gentle breeze.The dancer is clumsy.
The dancer is as graceful as a hurricane.The dancer is clumsy.
The dancer is as graceful as a hurricane.The dancer is graceful.
The person was as conscious as a corpse.The person was not conscious.
The person was as conscious as a corpse.The person was very conscious.
The person was as conscious as a toddler.The person was very conscious.
The person was as conscious as a toddler.The person was not conscious.
The railing was as sturdy as a twig.The railing was weak.
The railing was as sturdy as a twig.The railing was very strong.
The railing was as sturdy as cement.The railing was very strong.
The railing was as sturdy as cement.The railing was weak.
The yarn was as soft as sandpaper.The yarn was rough.
The yarn was as soft as sandpaper.The yarn was soft.
The yarn was as soft as silk.The yarn was soft.
The yarn was as soft as silk.The yarn was rough.
Her smile shone like a diamond.Her smile was white.
Her smile shone like a diamond.Her smile was dull.
Her smile shone like a bag of sand.Her smile was dull.
Her smile shone like a bag of sand.Her smile was white.
The children playing were happy like a pig in slop.They were very happy.
The children playing were happy like a pig in slop.They weren't at all happy.
The children playing were happy like a scarecrow.They weren't at all happy.
The children playing were happy like a scarecrow.They were very happy.
His conversations have the depth of an ocean.He has a lot of depth to her character.
His conversations have the depth of an ocean.He's very shallow.
His conversations have the depth of a kiddie pool.He's very shallow.
His conversations have the depth of a kiddie pool.He has a lot of depth to her character.
The tv has the resolution of a hastily taken polaroid that was left out in the sun.The tv has really poor resolution.
The tv has the resolution of a hastily taken polaroid that was left out in the sun.The tv has amazing resolution.
The tv has the resolution of the hubble telescope.The tv has amazing resolution.
The tv has the resolution of the hubble telescope.The tv has really poor resolution.
The dog had the smell of a unclean public bathroom on a holiday.The dog smelled awful.
The dog had the smell of a unclean public bathroom on a holiday.The dog smelled fresh and clean.
The dog had the smell of a beautiful day at the beach.The dog smelled fresh and clean.
The dog had the smell of a beautiful day at the beach.The dog smelled awful.
The person has the gait of a 3-toed sloth.The person walks very slowly.
The person has the gait of a 3-toed sloth.The person walks very fast.
The person has the gait of an olympic sprinter.The person walks very fast.
The person has the gait of an olympic sprinter.The person walks very slowly.
The sky was as clear as a muddy river.The sky was cloudy.
The sky was as clear as a muddy river.The sky was sunny.
The sky was as clear as a clean window.The sky was sunny.
The sky was as clear as a clean window.The sky was cloudy.
The movie was as long as a catholic wedding.The movie was lengthy.
The movie was as long as a catholic wedding.The movie ended quick.
The movie was as long as a trip to arbys.The movie ended quick.
The movie was as long as a trip to arbys.The movie was lengthy.
The desire between them was a diamond.They shared a strong desire for one another.
The desire between them was a diamond.The desire between them was flimsy, weak.
The desire between them was chalk.The desire between them was flimsy, weak.
The desire between them was chalk.They shared a strong desire for one another.
He had ideas of devils.His ideas were dirty.
He had ideas of devils.His ideas were pure and helpful.
He had ideas of the angels.His ideas were pure and helpful.
He had ideas of the angels.His ideas were dirty.
She finished with boredom on her back.She finished with ample time to spare.
She finished with boredom on her back.She finished with little time to spare.
She finished with water above her neck.She finished with little time to spare.
She finished with water above her neck.She finished with ample time to spare.
The job will be finished when the dinosaurs come back.The job will not be finished soon.
The job will be finished when the dinosaurs come back.The job will be finished soon.
The job will be finished when the stars come out.The job will be finished soon.
The job will be finished when the stars come out.The job will not be finished soon.
My teacher is a dragon.My teacher is mean.
My teacher is a dragon.My teacher is nice.
My teacher is a fairy.My teacher is nice.
My teacher is a fairy.My teacher is mean.
Their christmas decor oozes classy tastefulness.Their christmas decor is appropriate.
Their christmas decor oozes classy tastefulness.Their christmas decor is over the top.
Their christmas decor oozes garish clutter.Their christmas decor is over the top.
Their christmas decor oozes garish clutter.Their christmas decor is appropriate.
That song makes me feel like i'm floating on a cloud.That song is beautiful.
That song makes me feel like i'm floating on a cloud.That song is obnoxious.
That song makes me feel like someone is hitting me in the head with cymbals.That song is obnoxious.
That song makes me feel like someone is hitting me in the head with cymbals.That song is beautiful.
Henry's mother has the patience of a lake.Henry's mother is very patient.
Henry's mother has the patience of a lake.Henry's mother is very impatient.
Henry's mother has the patience of a child.Henry's mother is very impatient.
Henry's mother has the patience of a child.Henry's mother is very patient.
Caryn is a knife.Caryn is tough.
Caryn is a knife.Caryn is gentle.
Caryn is a dove.Caryn is gentle.
Caryn is a dove.Caryn is tough.
John is a wildfire.John is dangerous and out of control.
John is a wildfire.John is pleasant to be around.
John is a sweet summer night.John is pleasant to be around.
John is a sweet summer night.John is dangerous and out of control.
The woman has the thirst of a desert.She has intense thirst.
The woman has the thirst of a desert.She is not thirsty.
The woman has the thirst of a lake.She is not thirsty.
The woman has the thirst of a lake.She has intense thirst.
Reading that book is like watching paint dry.That book is dull.
Reading that book is like watching paint dry.That book is exciting.
Reading that book is like riding a roller coaster.That book is exciting.
Reading that book is like riding a roller coaster.That book is dull.
Her outlook is all sunshine and rainbows.She is optimistic.
Her outlook is all sunshine and rainbows.She is pessimistic.
Her outlook is all storm clouds and rain showers.She is pessimistic.
Her outlook is all storm clouds and rain showers.She is optimistic.
His sprint was a locomotive.His sprint was quick.
His sprint was a locomotive.His sprint was slow.
His sprint was a toddler's walk.His sprint was slow.
His sprint was a toddler's walk.His sprint was quick.
His philosophy was as complicated as a children's book.His philosophy was not complicated.
His philosophy was as complicated as a children's book.His philosophy was complicated.
His philosophy was as complicated as a 10,000 piece jigsaw puzzle.His philosophy was complicated.
His philosophy was as complicated as a 10,000 piece jigsaw puzzle.His philosophy was not complicated.
The structure was as sound as a house of cards.The structure was not sound.
The structure was as sound as a house of cards.The structure was very sound.
The structure was as sound as super-max prison.The structure was very sound.
The structure was as sound as super-max prison.The structure was not sound.
My mother is a cuddling penguin.My mother is warm and nuturing.
My mother is a cuddling penguin.My mother is cold and distant and mean.
My mother is a feral cat.My mother is cold and distant and mean.
My mother is a feral cat.My mother is warm and nuturing.
He can sprint like a cheetah on fire.He sprints very fast.
He can sprint like a cheetah on fire.He sprints very slowly.
He can sprint like a sloth climbing a tree.He sprints very slowly.
He can sprint like a sloth climbing a tree.He sprints very fast.
Spending all day on youtube is like throwing away a brand new t-shirt.Spending all day on youtube is wasteful and pointless.
Spending all day on youtube is like throwing away a brand new t-shirt.Spending all day on youtube is a wise investment.
Spending all day on youtube is like buying apple stock in 1980.Spending all day on youtube is a wise investment.
Spending all day on youtube is like buying apple stock in 1980.Spending all day on youtube is wasteful and pointless.
These slippers are like a hug from your grandma.These slippers are cozy and warm.
These slippers are like a hug from your grandma.These slippers are incredibly painful.
These slippers are like stepping on a lego.These slippers are incredibly painful.
These slippers are like stepping on a lego.These slippers are cozy and warm.
The child had the happiness of a jack-o-lantern.The child was very happy.
The child had the happiness of a jack-o-lantern.The child was very sad.
The child had the happiness of a tombstone.The child was very sad.
The child had the happiness of a tombstone.The child was very happy.
The girl's personality was as sweet as a hershey's kiss.The girl's personality was sweet.
The girl's personality was as sweet as a hershey's kiss.The girl's personality was sour.
The girl's personality was as sweet as a grapefruit.The girl's personality was sour.
The girl's personality was as sweet as a grapefruit.The girl's personality was sweet.
The boy's productivity was like that of a beaver.The boy was very productive.
The boy's productivity was like that of a beaver.The boy was very unproductive.
The boy's productivity was like that of a sloth.The boy was very unproductive.
The boy's productivity was like that of a sloth.The boy was very productive.
The sprinter went at the pace of a bullet train.The sprinter was very fast.
The sprinter went at the pace of a bullet train.The sprinter was slow.
The sprinter went at the pace of a kiddy ride train.The sprinter was slow.
The sprinter went at the pace of a kiddy ride train.The sprinter was very fast.
The philosophy student learned to think of himself as a kindergartner.The student realized he was a beginner.
The philosophy student learned to think of himself as a kindergartner.The student thought of himself as a master.
The philosophy student learned to think of himself as a sage.The student thought of himself as a master.
The philosophy student learned to think of himself as a sage.The student realized he was a beginner.
The model structure he built was as stable as a lego house.The structure was stable.
The model structure he built was as stable as a lego house.The structure was fragile.
The model structure he built was as stable as a house of cards.The structure was fragile.
The model structure he built was as stable as a house of cards.The structure was stable.
At parties, she came off like curious but cautious cat.She was reserved at parites.
At parties, she came off like curious but cautious cat.She was loud at parties.
At parties, she came off like a bowling alley with lipstick.She was loud at parties.
At parties, she came off like a bowling alley with lipstick.She was reserved at parites.
The poetry had emotional weight of a mosquito.The poetry had no emotional substance.
The poetry had emotional weight of a mosquito.The poetry had meaningful emotional substance.
The poetry had emotional weight of a sumo wrestler.The poetry had meaningful emotional substance.
The poetry had emotional weight of a sumo wrestler.The poetry had no emotional substance.
He had the mental capacity of a thimble.He was not intelligent.
He had the mental capacity of a thimble.He was a genius.
He had the mental capacity of an olympic pool.He was a genius.
He had the mental capacity of an olympic pool.He was not intelligent.
His role had the significance of a pebble.His role was insignificant.
His role had the significance of a pebble.His role was critical.
His role had the significance of a tidal wave.His role was critical.
His role had the significance of a tidal wave.His role was insignificant.
He had the teeth of a wolf.His teeth were sharp.
He had the teeth of a wolf.He had no teeth.
He had the teeth of a tortoise.He had no teeth.
He had the teeth of a tortoise.His teeth were sharp.
The bed was like sleeping on a cloud.The bed was comfortable.
The bed was like sleeping on a cloud.The bed was hard.
The bed was like sleeping on a rock.The bed was hard.
The bed was like sleeping on a rock.The bed was comfortable.
The entryway had the width of a needle.The entryway was narrow.
The entryway had the width of a needle.The entryway was wide.
The entryway had the width of the gates to the city.The entryway was wide.
The entryway had the width of the gates to the city.The entryway was narrow.
The blade had the sharpness of a well-dressed man.The blade was very sharp.
The blade had the sharpness of a well-dressed man.The blade was not sharp at all.
The blade had the sharpness of silly putty.The blade was not sharp at all.
The blade had the sharpness of silly putty.The blade was very sharp.
The blanket was as soft as a kitten's fur.The blanket was very soft.
The blanket was as soft as a kitten's fur.The blanket was very rough.
The blanket was as soft as a piece of sandpaper.The blanket was very rough.
The blanket was as soft as a piece of sandpaper.The blanket was very soft.
Her personality was as lively as springtime flowers.Her personality was full of warmth and life.
Her personality was as lively as springtime flowers.Her personality was cold and lifeless.
Her personality was as lively as a mummy.Her personality was cold and lifeless.
Her personality was as lively as a mummy.Her personality was full of warmth and life.
The professor's lecture was as spirited as a churchill speech.The professor's lecture was engaging, interesting, and motivating.
The professor's lecture was as spirited as a churchill speech.The professor's lecture was boring, monotone, and uninteresting.
The professor's lecture was as spirited as a conversation with eeyore.The professor's lecture was boring, monotone, and uninteresting.
The professor's lecture was as spirited as a conversation with eeyore.The professor's lecture was engaging, interesting, and motivating.
The daughter's boyfriend showed up to thanksgiving dressed like an english aristocrat.The daughter's boyfriend's fashion choice was fancy and well put-together.
The daughter's boyfriend showed up to thanksgiving dressed like an english aristocrat.The daughter's boyfriend's fashion choice was messy and thrown-together.
The daughter's boyfriend showed up to thanksgiving dressed like a hobo.The daughter's boyfriend's fashion choice was messy and thrown-together.
The daughter's boyfriend showed up to thanksgiving dressed like a hobo.The daughter's boyfriend's fashion choice was fancy and well put-together.
This jacket has the warmness level of an iceberg.The jacket won't keep you warm.
This jacket has the warmness level of an iceberg.The jacket is extremely warm and cozy.
This jacket has the warmness level of a hundred, cuddly bears.The jacket is extremely warm and cozy.
This jacket has the warmness level of a hundred, cuddly bears.The jacket won't keep you warm.
My dog has the calamity of an angry wrestler crushing a whole building.The dog is agressive.
My dog has the calamity of an angry wrestler crushing a whole building.The dog is very gentle.
My dog has the calamity of caring for a sick and injured angel.The dog is very gentle.
My dog has the calamity of caring for a sick and injured angel.The dog is agressive.
The man's poetry was as the clumsy first steps of a child.The man's poetry was of poor quality.
The man's poetry was as the clumsy first steps of a child.The man's poetry was very touching and well thought of.
The man's poetry was as the precise movements of a ballerina.The man's poetry was very touching and well thought of.
The man's poetry was as the precise movements of a ballerina.The man's poetry was of poor quality.
I eat a truckload of food.I eat a lot.
I eat a truckload of food.I eat barely anything.
I eat only the air i breathe.I eat barely anything.
I eat only the air i breathe.I eat a lot.
My husband has the mentality of einstein and a genius combined.My husband is smart.
My husband has the mentality of einstein and a genius combined.My husband is dumb.
My husband has the mentality of a doorknob.My husband is dumb.
My husband has the mentality of a doorknob.My husband is smart.
Her writing skills are extremely snail-paced.She writes slow.
Her writing skills are extremely snail-paced.She writes really fast.
Her writing skills are the speed of a cheetah.She writes really fast.
Her writing skills are the speed of a cheetah.She writes slow.
Her eyes are a flooded sea.Her eyes are watery.
Her eyes are a flooded sea.Her eyes are very dry.
Her eyes are a dry desert.Her eyes are very dry.
Her eyes are a dry desert.Her eyes are watery.
His skin was a leather couch.His skin was dry and scaly.
His skin was a leather couch.His skin was soft and smooth.
His skin was a satin robe.His skin was soft and smooth.
His skin was a satin robe.His skin was dry and scaly.
The hotel was a lottery ticket.The hotel was particularly nice.
The hotel was a lottery ticket.The hotel was nothing special.
The hotel was an average joe.The hotel was nothing special.
The hotel was an average joe.The hotel was particularly nice.
The motor ran as well as a gold metal winning runner being chased by a mob.The motor ran well.
The motor ran as well as a gold metal winning runner being chased by a mob.The motor barely ran at all.
The motor ran as well as a program from 1995 on a modern pc.The motor barely ran at all.
The motor ran as well as a program from 1995 on a modern pc.The motor ran well.
He was as restless as a chain smoking detective in a mystery novel about to crack the case.He was very restless.
He was as restless as a chain smoking detective in a mystery novel about to crack the case.He wasn't restless at all.
He was as restless as a lizard lying on a rock on a warm sunmer day.He wasn't restless at all.
He was as restless as a lizard lying on a rock on a warm sunmer day.He was very restless.
The sky was full with clouds of marshmallows.The sky was full of soft, white, comforting clouds.
The sky was full with clouds of marshmallows.The sky was full of dark, ominous clouds of approaching storm.
The sky was full with clouds of steel wool.The sky was full of dark, ominous clouds of approaching storm.
The sky was full with clouds of steel wool.The sky was full of soft, white, comforting clouds.
Lightning is nature's fireworks celebration.Lightning is glorious to watch with its magnificence.
Lightning is nature's fireworks celebration.Lightning is scary and can destroy within an instant.
Lightning is nature's execution device.Lightning is scary and can destroy within an instant.
Lightning is nature's execution device.Lightning is glorious to watch with its magnificence.
The front lawn was a green carpet.The front lawn was well maintained and cared for.
The front lawn was a green carpet.The front lawn was abandoned and dying.
The front lawn was a dirtbowl.The front lawn was abandoned and dying.
The front lawn was a dirtbowl.The front lawn was well maintained and cared for.
Our strategy is as simple as nuclear fission.Our strategy is very complicated and difficult.
Our strategy is as simple as nuclear fission.Our strategy is very simple.
Our strategy is as simple as 1st grade math.Our strategy is very simple.
Our strategy is as simple as 1st grade math.Our strategy is very complicated and difficult.
This car speeds like an escaped convict.This car speeds quickly.
This car speeds like an escaped convict.This car barely speeds at all.
This car speeds like a tranquilized tiger.This car barely speeds at all.
This car speeds like a tranquilized tiger.This car speeds quickly.
The sun is bright as a gifted 3rd grader.The sun is very bright.
The sun is bright as a gifted 3rd grader.The sun is not bright at all.
The sun is bright as a 20-year-old high school student.The sun is not bright at all.
The sun is bright as a 20-year-old high school student.The sun is very bright.
Your sharper than a playdoh knife.You are not smart.
Your sharper than a playdoh knife.You are smart.
Your sharper than a knife in the lewinsky kitchen.You are smart.
Your sharper than a knife in the lewinsky kitchen.You are not smart.
The painting is as colorful as a pride parade.The painting is bright.
The painting is as colorful as a pride parade.The painting is dull.
The painting is as colorful as toilet paper.The painting is dull.
The painting is as colorful as toilet paper.The painting is bright.
Unforgiveness is a ticking timebomb for the psyche.Unforgiveness will eventually destroy your mental health.
Unforgiveness is a ticking timebomb for the psyche.Don't forgive too easily or you could be hurt again.
Unforgiveness is a protective safeguard for the psyche.Don't forgive too easily or you could be hurt again.
Unforgiveness is a protective safeguard for the psyche.Unforgiveness will eventually destroy your mental health.
The motor has the power of a baby mouse.The motor is weak and lacks power.
The motor has the power of a baby mouse.The motor is very powerful.
The motor has the power of the grand coulee dam.The motor is very powerful.
The motor has the power of the grand coulee dam.The motor is weak and lacks power.
The sun's heat on this day is like the heat from a flashlight with weak batteries.The sun's heat is weak.
The sun's heat on this day is like the heat from a flashlight with weak batteries.The sun's heat is strong and focused.
The sun's heat on this day is like a laser beam focused on our heads.The sun's heat is strong and focused.
The sun's heat on this day is like a laser beam focused on our heads.The sun's heat is weak.
The strategy of the enemy's commander is like that of a drunken random decision generator.The enemy's commander has a poor strategy.
The strategy of the enemy's commander is like that of a drunken random decision generator.The enemy's commander is a great strategist.
The strategy of the enemy's commander is like that of an expert general like george patton.The enemy's commander is a great strategist.
The strategy of the enemy's commander is like that of an expert general like george patton.The enemy's commander has a poor strategy.
The blanket is a warm as a grandma at christmas.The blanket is warm.
The blanket is a warm as a grandma at christmas.The blanket is not warm.
The blanket is a warm as the garage floor in december.The blanket is not warm.
The blanket is a warm as the garage floor in december.The blanket is warm.
The jacket is as cozy as hot chocolate.The jacket is comfortable.
The jacket is as cozy as hot chocolate.The jacket is not comfortable.
The jacket is as cozy as a cactus.The jacket is not comfortable.
The jacket is as cozy as a cactus.The jacket is comfortable.
The mustard was as sour as a rotten egg.It was gross.
The mustard was as sour as a rotten egg.It was good.
The mustard was as sour as a fresh grape.It was good.
The mustard was as sour as a fresh grape.It was gross.
The bullet was as fast as sound.It was quick.
The bullet was as fast as sound.It was slow.
The bullet was as fast as a dead snake.It was slow.
The bullet was as fast as a dead snake.It was quick.
The car was as old as a house with no a/c.It was really old.
The car was as old as a house with no a/c.It was built recently.
The car was as old as a newborn baby.It was built recently.
The car was as old as a newborn baby.It was really old.
The ball struck with the force of a feather pillow.The ball struck with no force.
The ball struck with the force of a feather pillow.The ball struck with great force.
The ball struck with the force of an asteroid.The ball struck with great force.
The ball struck with the force of an asteroid.The ball struck with no force.
The dog is as loving as a box cutter.The dog is not loving.
The dog is as loving as a box cutter.The dog is loving.
The dog is as loving as a soft kiss.The dog is loving.
The dog is as loving as a soft kiss.The dog is not loving.
The fighters provided all the spectacle of a knitting club.The fight was boring.
The fighters provided all the spectacle of a knitting club.The fight was exciting.
The fighters provided all the spectacle of a fireworks display.The fight was exciting.
The fighters provided all the spectacle of a fireworks display.The fight was boring.
The ball has the firmness of a rotten cantaloupe.The ball is deflated and squishy.
The ball has the firmness of a rotten cantaloupe.The ball is well-inflated and firm.
The ball has the firmness of a cannon ball.The ball is well-inflated and firm.
The ball has the firmness of a cannon ball.The ball is deflated and squishy.
The depth of the water on the pool's deep end was like that of a shallow mud puddle.The water on the pool's deep end is shallow.
The depth of the water on the pool's deep end was like that of a shallow mud puddle.The water on the pool's deep end is very deep.
The depth of the water on the pool's deep end was like that of the dark depths of the pacific ocean.The water on the pool's deep end is very deep.
The depth of the water on the pool's deep end was like that of the dark depths of the pacific ocean.The water on the pool's deep end is shallow.
The first corner on the race track had the sharpness of a blunt doorknob.The first corner is wide and sweeping (ie, not sharp).
The first corner on the race track had the sharpness of a blunt doorknob.The first corner is very sharp.
The first corner on the race track had the sharpness of a barber's razor.The first corner is very sharp.
The first corner on the race track had the sharpness of a barber's razor.The first corner is wide and sweeping (ie, not sharp).
Hatred is a sword.Hatred can be used to cut down another person.
Hatred is a sword.Hatred of one's insufficiency can be a motivator.
Hatred is a coach.Hatred of one's insufficiency can be a motivator.
Hatred is a coach.Hatred can be used to cut down another person.
The youtube video was as engaging as watching paint dry.The video was really boring.
The youtube video was as engaging as watching paint dry.The video was enthralling.
The youtube video was as engaging as the nba finals.The video was enthralling.
The youtube video was as engaging as the nba finals.The video was really boring.
The phone number was easy to remember as 1,2,3.The phone number was easy to remember.
The phone number was easy to remember as 1,2,3.The phone number was so complex.
The phone number was easy to remember as a 100 number password.The phone number was so complex.
The phone number was easy to remember as a 100 number password.The phone number was easy to remember.
The ball was about as round as the sun.The ball was perfectly round.
The ball was about as round as the sun.The ball was not round.
The ball was about as round as an ice cream truck.The ball was not round.
The ball was about as round as an ice cream truck.The ball was perfectly round.
I'm as close to my goal as a hair's width.I'm close to my goal.
I'm as close to my goal as a hair's width.I'm far from my goal.
I'm as close to my goal as the world's length.I'm far from my goal.
I'm as close to my goal as the world's length.I'm close to my goal.
You have the brilliance of einstein.You're brilliant.
You have the brilliance of einstein.You're stupid.
You have the brilliance of an ameoba.You're stupid.
You have the brilliance of an ameoba.You're brilliant.
The book was like metal.The book was hard to get into.
The book was like metal.The book was easy to understand.
The book was like water flowing.The book was easy to understand.
The book was like water flowing.The book was hard to get into.
The pizza tasted as good as cardboard.The pizza was bad.
The pizza tasted as good as cardboard.The pizza was good.
The pizza tasted as good as being in italy.The pizza was good.
The pizza tasted as good as being in italy.The pizza was bad.
The bug was as big as michael jackson in the 80s.It was huge.
The bug was as big as michael jackson in the 80s.It was small.
The bug was as big as a speck of dust.It was small.
The bug was as big as a speck of dust.It was huge.
The piano was as loud as a mother-in-law on thanksgiving.It was loud.
The piano was as loud as a mother-in-law on thanksgiving.It was soft.
The piano was as loud as a sleeping mosquito.It was soft.
The piano was as loud as a sleeping mosquito.It was loud.
The spaceship was as bright as a fireworks display.It was impressive.
The spaceship was as bright as a fireworks display.It was dim.
The spaceship was as bright as a light that blew out.It was dim.
The spaceship was as bright as a light that blew out.It was impressive.
The world back then looked like a lifeless swamp.The world looked lifeless.
The world back then looked like a lifeless swamp.The world looked full of life.
The world back then looked like an ever flourishing garden.The world looked full of life.
The world back then looked like an ever flourishing garden.The world looked lifeless.
The sweater was as tight as good friends.It was very tight.
The sweater was as tight as good friends.It was loose.
The sweater was as tight as a burst baloon.It was loose.
The sweater was as tight as a burst baloon.It was very tight.
The sun was as bright as an honor student.It was really light.
The sun was as bright as an honor student.It was dim.
The sun was as bright as a drunk man at the bar.It was dim.
The sun was as bright as a drunk man at the bar.It was really light.
The block was as empty as mr scrooge's heart.It had no one.
The block was as empty as mr scrooge's heart.It had many people.
The block was as empty as a family of eight's house.It had many people.
The block was as empty as a family of eight's house.It had no one.
The man has the intelligence of a carrot stick.The man is dumb.
The man has the intelligence of a carrot stick.The man is smart.
The man has the intelligence of a state-of-the-art computer.The man is smart.
The man has the intelligence of a state-of-the-art computer.The man is dumb.
The book was as interesting as watching paint dry.The book was not interesting.
The book was as interesting as watching paint dry.The book was fascinating.
The book was as interesting as an oscar-winning film.The book was fascinating.
The book was as interesting as an oscar-winning film.The book was not interesting.
The runner was as fast as a sleeping sloth.The runner was very slow.
The runner was as fast as a sleeping sloth.The runner was super quick.
The runner was as fast as a caffenated bunny.The runner was super quick.
The runner was as fast as a caffenated bunny.The runner was very slow.
She had all the virtue of john wayne gacy.She had no virtue.
She had all the virtue of john wayne gacy.She had much virtue.
She had all the virtue of the pope.She had much virtue.
She had all the virtue of the pope.She had no virtue.
His instincts were as quick as a greyhound's.His instincts were quick.
His instincts were as quick as a greyhound's.His instincts were not quick.
His instincts were as quick as a sloth.His instincts were not quick.
His instincts were as quick as a sloth.His instincts were quick.
She had all the virtue of the town floozy.She had no virtue.
She had all the virtue of the town floozy.She had lots of virtue.
She had all the virtue of mother theresa.She had lots of virtue.
She had all the virtue of mother theresa.She had no virtue.
The dress is made of silk.The dress is soft.
The dress is made of silk.The dress is rough.
The dress is made of sandpaper.The dress is rough.
The dress is made of sandpaper.The dress is soft.
The shoes feel like walking on pillows.The shoes feel soft and cushy.
The shoes feel like walking on pillows.The shoes are painful and hurt.
The shoes feel like walking on glass.The shoes are painful and hurt.
The shoes feel like walking on glass.The shoes feel soft and cushy.
She has the voice of a song bird.She has a nice sounding voice.
She has the voice of a song bird.She has an awful sounding voice.
She has the voice of a chainsaw.She has an awful sounding voice.
She has the voice of a chainsaw.She has a nice sounding voice.
The woman had the virtue of a saint.The woman was good.
The woman had the virtue of a saint.The woman was evil.
The woman had the virtue of a villian.The woman was evil.
The woman had the virtue of a villian.The woman was good.
The movers were as fast as a jet plane.The movers were fast.
The movers were as fast as a jet plane.The movers were slow.
The movers were as fast as a snail.The movers were slow.
The movers were as fast as a snail.The movers were fast.
The man's instincts were as sharp as a knife.The man had good instincts.
The man's instincts were as sharp as a knife.The man had poor instincts.
The man's instincts were as sharp as a cotton ball.The man had poor instincts.
The man's instincts were as sharp as a cotton ball.The man had good instincts.
She knew it as well as she knew the back of her hand.She knew it well.
She knew it as well as she knew the back of her hand.She didn't know it at all.
She knew it as well as she knew a stranger.She didn't know it at all.
She knew it as well as she knew a stranger.She knew it well.
The movie was as funny as a comedian.The movie was very funny.
The movie was as funny as a comedian.The movie was not funny.
The movie was as funny as a lecture.The movie was not funny.
The movie was as funny as a lecture.The movie was very funny.
The king had the virtue of a thief in the night.The king has no virtue.
The king had the virtue of a thief in the night.The king has great virtue.
The king had the virtue of an honest and selfless nobleman.The king has great virtue.
The king had the virtue of an honest and selfless nobleman.The king has no virtue.
Given his amount of possessions, moving to his new house was like moving all of new york city.Moving him is a major undertaking.
Given his amount of possessions, moving to his new house was like moving all of new york city.Moving him is a trivial matter.
Given his amount of possessions, moving to his new house was like moving the contents of an ashtray.Moving him is a trivial matter.
Given his amount of possessions, moving to his new house was like moving the contents of an ashtray.Moving him is a major undertaking.
The private eye has the instincts of a blind and deaf housefly.The private eye has dull instincts.
The private eye has the instincts of a blind and deaf housefly.The private eye has sharp and multifaceted instincts.
The private eye has the instincts of sherlock holmes on ritalin.The private eye has sharp and multifaceted instincts.
The private eye has the instincts of sherlock holmes on ritalin.The private eye has dull instincts.
The boy's legs were as sturdy as vanilla pudding.The boy's legs were very shaky.
The boy's legs were as sturdy as vanilla pudding.The boy's legs were very sturdy.
The boy's legs were as sturdy as steel beams.The boy's legs were very sturdy.
The boy's legs were as sturdy as steel beams.The boy's legs were very shaky.
The argument is as harmless as a pillow fight.The argument is harmless.
The argument is as harmless as a pillow fight.The argument is harmful.
The argument is as harmless as a terrorist attack.The argument is harmful.
The argument is as harmless as a terrorist attack.The argument is harmless.
You're as bouncy as a a rabbit.You bounce around a lot.
You're as bouncy as a a rabbit.You don't bounce around at all.
You're as bouncy as a a dumbbell.You don't bounce around at all.
You're as bouncy as a a dumbbell.You bounce around a lot.
That's about as healthy as a deep fried oreo.It's very unhealthy.
That's about as healthy as a deep fried oreo.It's very healthy.
That's about as healthy as a bowl of fruit.It's very healthy.
That's about as healthy as a bowl of fruit.It's very unhealthy.
His intelligence is the size of a pea.The person is very intelligent.
His intelligence is the size of a pea.The person isn't intelligent at all.
His intelligence is the size of a watermelon.The person isn't intelligent at all.
His intelligence is the size of a watermelon.The person is very intelligent.
He had a target on his back the size of a flea's toe.No one was coming after him.
He had a target on his back the size of a flea's toe.Everyone was coming after him.
He had a target on his back the size of the sun.Everyone was coming after him.
He had a target on his back the size of the sun.No one was coming after him.
Their christmas had the vibe of a funeral.Their christmas was somber.
Their christmas had the vibe of a funeral.Their christmas was rowdy and fun.
Their christmas had the vibe of a frat party.Their christmas was rowdy and fun.
Their christmas had the vibe of a frat party.Their christmas was somber.
They provided the transparency of chocolate milk.They were not clear.
They provided the transparency of chocolate milk.There were open and honest.
They provided the transparency of a glass-bottom boat.There were open and honest.
They provided the transparency of a glass-bottom boat.They were not clear.
The girl had a cold heart.The girl lacked emotion.
The girl had a cold heart.The girl didn't want to go through with what was planned.
The girl had cold feet.The girl didn't want to go through with what was planned.
The girl had cold feet.The girl lacked emotion.
Love is fine wine.Love gets better with age.
Love is fine wine.Love is filled in the shape of what it is filling.
Love is fluid in a container.Love is filled in the shape of what it is filling.
Love is fluid in a container.Love gets better with age.
The target was as big as yankee stadium.The target was big.
The target was as big as yankee stadium.The target was as small.
The target was as big as a teacup.The target was as small.
The target was as big as a teacup.The target was big.
I love christmas as much as a funeral.I hate christmas.
I love christmas as much as a funeral.I love christmas.
I love christmas as much as a tropical cruise.I love christmas.
I love christmas as much as a tropical cruise.I hate christmas.
His testimony was as transparent as a closed door.His testimony was not transparent.
His testimony was as transparent as a closed door.His testimony was transparent.
His testimony was as transparent as an open door.His testimony was transparent.
His testimony was as transparent as an open door.His testimony was not transparent.
The boy is as cunning as a teddy bear.The boy isn't cunning at all.
The boy is as cunning as a teddy bear.The boy is very cunning.
The boy is as cunning as a snake.The boy is very cunning.
The boy is as cunning as a snake.The boy isn't cunning at all.
The child is as friendly as a parrot.The child is very friendly.
The child is as friendly as a parrot.The child isn't friendly at all.
The child is as friendly as a turtle.The child isn't friendly at all.
The child is as friendly as a turtle.The child is very friendly.
The girl is as popular as a slice of pizza.The girl is very popular.
The girl is as popular as a slice of pizza.The girl isn't popular.
The girl is as popular as a bowl of oatmeal.The girl isn't popular.
The girl is as popular as a bowl of oatmeal.The girl is very popular.
This person has the athleticism of the next lebron james.This person is athletic.
This person has the athleticism of the next lebron james.This person is not athletic.
This person has the athleticism of a pot-bellied old man.This person is not athletic.
This person has the athleticism of a pot-bellied old man.This person is athletic.
This house has the grandeur of a camp tent.The house is not special.
This house has the grandeur of a camp tent.The house is very nice.
This house has the grandeur of a french chateau.The house is very nice.
This house has the grandeur of a french chateau.The house is not special.
The bed has the comfort of a pallet.The bed is stiff.
The bed has the comfort of a pallet.The bed is soft.
The bed has the comfort of a stack of feathers.The bed is soft.
The bed has the comfort of a stack of feathers.The bed is stiff.
The target was as hard to hit as mike tyson in his prime.It was difficult to hit.
The target was as hard to hit as mike tyson in his prime.It was easy to hit.
The target was as hard to hit as a dead housefly.It was easy to hit.
The target was as hard to hit as a dead housefly.It was difficult to hit.
The christmas was as happy as a bear catching salmon.It was a jovial time.
The christmas was as happy as a bear catching salmon.It was a sad time.
The christmas was as happy as a dog with no food.It was a sad time.
The christmas was as happy as a dog with no food.It was a jovial time.
The boy was as silent as a dead roach.He was quiet.
The boy was as silent as a dead roach.He was loud.
The boy was as silent as a dog that sees a mailman.He was loud.
The boy was as silent as a dog that sees a mailman.He was quiet.
The show was as loud as thunder in a storm.It was noisy.
The show was as loud as thunder in a storm.It was quiet.
The show was as loud as a sleeping kid.It was quiet.
The show was as loud as a sleeping kid.It was noisy.
The party was as special as a tuna fish sandwich.The party was common.
The party was as special as a tuna fish sandwich.The party was extravagant.
The party was as special as a wagyu steak meal.The party was extravagant.
The party was as special as a wagyu steak meal.The party was common.
He listens like a radio.He doesn't listen.
He listens like a radio.He absorbs everything said.
He listens like a sponge.He absorbs everything said.
He listens like a sponge.He doesn't listen.
I'll be as silent as the grave.I'll be silent.
I'll be as silent as the grave.I'll be loud.
I'll be as silent as a mardi gras parade.I'll be loud.
I'll be as silent as a mardi gras parade.I'll be silent.
You have all the authority of a president.You have lots of authority.
You have all the authority of a president.You have no authority.
You have all the authority of a pauper.You have no authority.
You have all the authority of a pauper.You have lots of authority.
This new phone's as small as an ant.The phone is small.
This new phone's as small as an ant.The phone is big and bulky.
This new phone's as small as a bowling ball.The phone is big and bulky.
This new phone's as small as a bowling ball.The phone is small.
The safe was as impenetrable as a blockchain.The safe was invulnerable.
The safe was as impenetrable as a blockchain.The safe was vulnerable.
The safe was as impenetrable as a doll house.The safe was vulnerable.
The safe was as impenetrable as a doll house.The safe was invulnerable.
Her contract as unyielding as an iron maiden.Her contract was inalterable.
Her contract as unyielding as an iron maiden.Her contract was alterable.
Her contract as unyielding as an indulgent mother.Her contract was alterable.
Her contract as unyielding as an indulgent mother.Her contract was inalterable.
She picked the spring flowers like a ravenous buzzard finishing off a deer carsus.She picked the flowers carelessly.
She picked the spring flowers like a ravenous buzzard finishing off a deer carsus.She picked the flowers conscientiously.
She picked the spring flowers with the finesse of a swiss watchmaker.She picked the flowers conscientiously.
She picked the spring flowers with the finesse of a swiss watchmaker.She picked the flowers carelessly.
Its as hidden as a collection plate at church.It is easy to find.
Its as hidden as a collection plate at church.It is hard to find.
Its as hidden as the one last matching sock in the laundry.It is hard to find.
Its as hidden as the one last matching sock in the laundry.It is easy to find.
It lasts as long as graffiti.It lasts a long time.
It lasts as long as graffiti.It doesnt last very long.
It lasts as long as a pair of white tennis shoes.It doesnt last very long.
It lasts as long as a pair of white tennis shoes.It lasts a long time.
He was as small as a chihuahua.He was small.
He was as small as a chihuahua.He was not small.
He was as small as an elephant.He was not small.
He was as small as an elephant.He was small.
The room was as silent as a library.The room was silent.
The room was as silent as a library.The room was not silent.
The room was as silent as a dc-9.The room was not silent.
The room was as silent as a dc-9.The room was silent.
His authority on the matter was impenetrable as a fortress.His authority is absolute.
His authority on the matter was impenetrable as a fortress.He has no authority.
His authority on the matter was as stable as tumbleweed.He has no authority.
His authority on the matter was as stable as tumbleweed.His authority is absolute.
The living room was a tuna can.The living room was cramped.
The living room was a tuna can.The living room was very spacious.
The living room was a football stadium.The living room was very spacious.
The living room was a football stadium.The living room was cramped.
The woman's social calendar is as full as a pumpkin patch.The woman's social calendar is full.
The woman's social calendar is as full as a pumpkin patch.The woman's social calendar is empty.
The woman's social calendar is as full as the great plains.The woman's social calendar is empty.
The woman's social calendar is as full as the great plains.The woman's social calendar is full.
His thought process was as linear as a pencil.His thought process was very linear.
His thought process was as linear as a pencil.His thought process wasn't linear at all.
His thought process was as linear as a voluptuous woman.His thought process wasn't linear at all.
His thought process was as linear as a voluptuous woman.His thought process was very linear.
The treated waste water was like drinking toilet water.The water is not clean or safe to drink.
The treated waste water was like drinking toilet water.The water is clean and safe to drink.
The treated waste water was like drinking bottled water.The water is clean and safe to drink.
The treated waste water was like drinking bottled water.The water is not clean or safe to drink.
The patients skin was like a sheet of sandpaper.The patient's skin is rough.
The patients skin was like a sheet of sandpaper.The patient's skin is smooth and silky.
The patients skin was like a smooth patch of silk.The patient's skin is smooth and silky.
The patients skin was like a smooth patch of silk.The patient's skin is rough.
The building's dcor was like that of a building that was bombed in world war ii.The building's dcor is terrible.
The building's dcor was like that of a building that was bombed in world war ii.The building's dcor is opulent and luxurious.
The building's dcor was like that of a palace fit for a king.The building's dcor is opulent and luxurious.
The building's dcor was like that of a palace fit for a king.The building's dcor is terrible.
The building is as tall as a mountain.The building is tall.
The building is as tall as a mountain.The building is short.
The building is as tall as a speed bump.The building is short.
The building is as tall as a speed bump.The building is tall.
My skin is as smooth as butter.My skin is smooth.
My skin is as smooth as butter.My skin is coarse and rough.
My skin is as smooth as gravel.My skin is coarse and rough.
My skin is as smooth as gravel.My skin is smooth.
This guy's as big as a horse.This guy's big.
This guy's as big as a horse.This guy's small.
This guy's as big as a horsefly.This guy's small.
This guy's as big as a horsefly.This guy's big.
The cereal was as soggy as a man who spent an hour in a hot tub.The cereal was pretty soggy.
The cereal was as soggy as a man who spent an hour in a hot tub.The cereal was anything but soggy.
The cereal was as soggy as a girl's hair after a straightening.The cereal was anything but soggy.
The cereal was as soggy as a girl's hair after a straightening.The cereal was pretty soggy.
That building looks as strong as a gorilla.That building looks very strong.
That building looks as strong as a gorilla.That build looks weak and falling apart.
That building looks as strong as a broken bridge.That build looks weak and falling apart.
That building looks as strong as a broken bridge.That building looks very strong.
My skin feels like an alligator.My skin feels rough and not good.
My skin feels like an alligator.My skin feels great.
My skin feels like a bright new shiny day.My skin feels great.
My skin feels like a bright new shiny day.My skin feels rough and not good.
They waste as much food as a hungry man.They do not waste food at all.
They waste as much food as a hungry man.They waste lots of food.
They waste as much food as a king's spoiled prince.They waste lots of food.
They waste as much food as a king's spoiled prince.They do not waste food at all.
The boy is a tank train.The boy is very strong.
The boy is a tank train.The boy is very fragile.
The boy is a butterfly.The boy is very fragile.
The boy is a butterfly.The boy is very strong.
The child is a chihuahua.The child has a ton of energy.
The child is a chihuahua.The child is lethargic.
The child is a potato sack.The child is lethargic.
The child is a potato sack.The child has a ton of energy.
He was flexible like a pipe cleaner.He was very flexible.
He was flexible like a pipe cleaner.He wasn't flexible at all.
He was flexible like a steel rod.He wasn't flexible at all.
He was flexible like a steel rod.He was very flexible.
It was sour like a pickle.It was very sour.
It was sour like a pickle.It wasn't sour.
It was sour like a sugar cube.It wasn't sour.
It was sour like a sugar cube.It was very sour.
It flowed like water.It flowed fast.
It flowed like water.It flowed slow.
It flowed like honey.It flowed slow.
It flowed like honey.It flowed fast.
The makeup matched the woman's skin tone like ice cream on pie.The makeup was a good match.
The makeup matched the woman's skin tone like ice cream on pie.Makeup matched horribly.
The makeup matched the woman's skin tone like ice cream on pizza.Makeup matched horribly.
The makeup matched the woman's skin tone like ice cream on pizza.The makeup was a good match.
His love to be in contact with other people was like that of a miserly recluse.He does not like to be around other people.
His love to be in contact with other people was like that of a miserly recluse.He loves to socialize and be with other people.
His love to be in contact with other people was like that of a new york socialite on steroids.He loves to socialize and be with other people.
His love to be in contact with other people was like that of a new york socialite on steroids.He does not like to be around other people.
The recovery of the forest after the fire was like that of a slow-growing japanese maple.The forest is recovering very slowly.
The recovery of the forest after the fire was like that of a slow-growing japanese maple.The forest is recovering rapidly.
The recovery of the forest after the fire was like that of a mushroom popping up in the night.The forest is recovering rapidly.
The recovery of the forest after the fire was like that of a mushroom popping up in the night.The forest is recovering very slowly.
The rock band had the loyalty to their fans like that of a traitorous double agent.The band is disloyal to their fans.
The rock band had the loyalty to their fans like that of a traitorous double agent.The band is very loyal to their fans.
The rock band had the loyalty to their fans like that of a dog to its master.The band is very loyal to their fans.
The rock band had the loyalty to their fans like that of a dog to its master.The band is disloyal to their fans.
It was curly like a pig's tail.It was very curly.
It was curly like a pig's tail.It wasn't curly at all.
It was curly like a piece of straw.It wasn't curly at all.
It was curly like a piece of straw.It was very curly.
She was fierce like a tiger.She was very fierce.
She was fierce like a tiger.She wasn't fierce at all.
She was fierce like a mouse.She wasn't fierce at all.
She was fierce like a mouse.She was very fierce.
She had a bit less money than a homeless beggar.She had little money.
She had a bit less money than a homeless beggar.She had a lot of money.
She had a bit less money than donald trump.She had a lot of money.
She had a bit less money than donald trump.She had little money.
The woman thought her date was as attractive as an ice cream cone.The woman thought her date was very attractive.
The woman thought her date was as attractive as an ice cream cone.The woman thought her date was very unattractive.
The woman thought her date was as attractive as oatmeal.The woman thought her date was very unattractive.
The woman thought her date was as attractive as oatmeal.The woman thought her date was very attractive.
The child was as loud as a train whistle.The child was very loud.
The child was as loud as a train whistle.The child was very quiet.
The child was as loud as a jellyfish.The child was very quiet.
The child was as loud as a jellyfish.The child was very loud.
Nature has no mercy.The natural world is harsh.
Nature has no mercy.The natural world is nurturing.
Nature forgives easily.The natural world is nurturing.
Nature forgives easily.The natural world is harsh.
They felt the emotion as an electric shock.The emotion felt startling and painful.
They felt the emotion as an electric shock.The emotion felt gentle and pleasant.
They felt the emotion as a warm bath.The emotion felt gentle and pleasant.
They felt the emotion as a warm bath.The emotion felt startling and painful.
My back has the stiffness of a plank of wood.My back is inflexible.
My back has the stiffness of a plank of wood.My back is malleable.
My back has the stiffness of a cup of jello.My back is malleable.
My back has the stiffness of a cup of jello.My back is inflexible.
This donut has the smell of manna from heaven.This donut smells good.
This donut has the smell of manna from heaven.This donut smells bad.
This donut has the smell rotten eggs.This donut smells bad.
This donut has the smell rotten eggs.This donut smells good.
This horse has the speed of a ferrari.This horse is fast.
This horse has the speed of a ferrari.This horse is slow.
This horse has the speed of a golf cart.This horse is slow.
This horse has the speed of a golf cart.This horse is fast.
The story was as a short jog.The story was over quckly.
The story was as a short jog.The story lasted for a very long time.
The story was as a marathon.The story lasted for a very long time.
The story was as a marathon.The story was over quckly.
His beard was about as soft as tumbleweed.His beard wasn't soft at all.
His beard was about as soft as tumbleweed.His beard was very soft.
His beard was about as soft as feathers.His beard was very soft.
His beard was about as soft as feathers.His beard wasn't soft at all.
The lizard was as ugly as a fuzzy kitten.It was cute.
The lizard was as ugly as a fuzzy kitten.It was hideous.
The lizard was as ugly as a dead squid.It was hideous.
The lizard was as ugly as a dead squid.It was cute.
The wallet was as empty as a homeless man's stomach.It had nothing in it.
The wallet was as empty as a homeless man's stomach.It was full.
The wallet was as empty as a rich man's house.It was full.
The wallet was as empty as a rich man's house.It had nothing in it.
The frisbee left his hand like a surface-to-air missile.The threw the frisbee with authority.
The frisbee left his hand like a surface-to-air missile.He threw the frisbee feebly.
The frisbee left his hand like a wounded duck.He threw the frisbee feebly.
The frisbee left his hand like a wounded duck.The threw the frisbee with authority.
The diamond ring glistened like an exploding nebula.The diamond ring was bright.
The diamond ring glistened like an exploding nebula.The diamond ring was dull.
The diamond ring glistened like dollar store flashlight with failing batteries.The diamond ring was dull.
The diamond ring glistened like dollar store flashlight with failing batteries.The diamond ring was bright.
The paint job was a smooth as glass.The paint job was frictionless.
The paint job was a smooth as glass.The paint job was coarse.
The paint job was a smooth as sandpaper.The paint job was coarse.
The paint job was a smooth as sandpaper.The paint job was frictionless.
The haul was as valuable as a flattened penny.The haul was not valuable.
The haul was as valuable as a flattened penny.The haul was valuable.
The haul was as valuable as the crown jewels.The haul was valuable.
The haul was as valuable as the crown jewels.The haul was not valuable.
The crowd had all the panic of an anesthetized patient.The crowd had no panic.
The crowd had all the panic of an anesthetized patient.The crowd had much panic.
The crowd had all the panic of an acrobat on speed.The crowd had much panic.
The crowd had all the panic of an acrobat on speed.The crowd had no panic.
His eyes were as deep as a puddle after the rain.His eyes were not deep.
His eyes were as deep as a puddle after the rain.His eyes were deep.
His eyes were as deep as an oil well.His eyes were deep.
His eyes were as deep as an oil well.His eyes were not deep.
The people were as scared as a bird.The people were very scared.
The people were as scared as a bird.The people weren't scared at all.
The people were as scared as a lion.The people weren't scared at all.
The people were as scared as a lion.The people were very scared.
He was as brave as a lion.He was very brave.
He was as brave as a lion.He wasn't brave at all.
He was as brave as a mouse.He wasn't brave at all.
He was as brave as a mouse.He was very brave.
The woman is as interesting as a tropical fruit salad.The woman is very interesting.
The woman is as interesting as a tropical fruit salad.The woman is fairly plain.
The woman is as interesting as an apple.The woman is fairly plain.
The woman is as interesting as an apple.The woman is very interesting.
The girl's heart is as soft as butter.The girl's heart is very soft.
The girl's heart is as soft as butter.The girl's heart is very hard.
The girl's heart is as soft as a boulder.The girl's heart is very hard.
The girl's heart is as soft as a boulder.The girl's heart is very soft.
The man had the strength of a bear.The man is very strong.
The man had the strength of a bear.The man is very weak.
The man had the strength of a baby.The man is very weak.
The man had the strength of a baby.The man is very strong.
The car had the power of a tornado.The car is very powerful.
The car had the power of a tornado.The car is not powerful.
The car had the power of a gentle breeze.The car is not powerful.
The car had the power of a gentle breeze.The car is very powerful.
The socks had the warmth of a blazing fire.The socks were very warm.
The socks had the warmth of a blazing fire.The socks were very cold.
The socks had the warmth of a mountain spring.The socks were very cold.
The socks had the warmth of a mountain spring.The socks were very warm.
His sight was as the one of an eagle.His sight was very accurate.
His sight was as the one of an eagle.His sight was very poor.
His sight was as the one of a bat.His sight was very poor.
His sight was as the one of a bat.His sight was very accurate.
The panic they faced was a tornado of its own.The panic they faced was very intense.
The panic they faced was a tornado of its own.The panic they faced was very short lived.
The panic they faced was a mere bolt of lightning.The panic they faced was very short lived.
The panic they faced was a mere bolt of lightning.The panic they faced was very intense.
That vase was valuable as a chest of gold.The vase was very expensive.
That vase was valuable as a chest of gold.The vase was worthless.
That vase was valuable as a cardboard box.The vase was worthless.
That vase was valuable as a cardboard box.The vase was very expensive.
The bird was as happy as a wife on valentine's day.It was jovial.
The bird was as happy as a wife on valentine's day.It was angry.
The bird was as happy as a wolf with no food.It was angry.
The bird was as happy as a wolf with no food.It was jovial.
The fighter was as tired as a mother at the end of the day.He was ready to pass out.
The fighter was as tired as a mother at the end of the day.He was full of energy.
The fighter was as tired as a dog on a car ride.He was full of energy.
The fighter was as tired as a dog on a car ride.He was ready to pass out.
The man was as evil as a slaveowner.He was mean.
The man was as evil as a slaveowner.He was good.
The man was as evil as a newborn puppy.He was good.
The man was as evil as a newborn puppy.He was mean.
He had the eyesight of a google satellite spying on an unsuspecting neighborhood.He had extremely good eyesight.
He had the eyesight of a google satellite spying on an unsuspecting neighborhood.He had no eyesight.
He had the eyesight of daredevil before he gained his powers.He had no eyesight.
He had the eyesight of daredevil before he gained his powers.He had extremely good eyesight.
The shouting induced the panic of a sarin bomb going off in a subway.The shouting induced a lot of panic.
The shouting induced the panic of a sarin bomb going off in a subway.The shouting induced no panic.
The shouting induced the panic of a fart in an empty elevator.The shouting induced no panic.
The shouting induced the panic of a fart in an empty elevator.The shouting induced a lot of panic.
The stream of thoughts flowing through her head in her unconscious state was like the highest fiber optic internet.Her mind was fast and clear.
The stream of thoughts flowing through her head in her unconscious state was like the highest fiber optic internet.Her mind was slow and clunky.
The stream of thoughts flowing through her head in her unconscious state was like dial up with aol.Her mind was slow and clunky.
The stream of thoughts flowing through her head in her unconscious state was like dial up with aol.Her mind was fast and clear.
The questions on the test were as hard as doing your own taxes long form.The test was difficult.
The questions on the test were as hard as doing your own taxes long form.The test was a breeze.
The questions on the test were as hard as a 1040 ez.The test was a breeze.
The questions on the test were as hard as a 1040 ez.The test was difficult.
The class is as exciting as counting pennies.The class is boring.
The class is as exciting as counting pennies.The class is stimulating.
The class is as exciting as a circus.The class is stimulating.
The class is as exciting as a circus.The class is boring.
The house is as clean as a rats nest.The house is filthy.
The house is as clean as a rats nest.The house is spotless.
The house is as clean as crystal.The house is spotless.
The house is as clean as crystal.The house is filthy.
The garden has the variety of a pack of white chalk.The garden is plain.
The garden has the variety of a pack of white chalk.The garden has a nice assortment.
The garden has the variety of a 64 pack of different colored crayons.The garden has a nice assortment.
The garden has the variety of a 64 pack of different colored crayons.The garden is plain.
This student is as clever as a rock.The student is dumb.
This student is as clever as a rock.The student is smart.
This student is as clever as as albert einstein.The student is smart.
This student is as clever as as albert einstein.The student is dumb.
The rich man is as benevolent as the dalai lama.The rich man is generous and kind.
The rich man is as benevolent as the dalai lama.The rich man is a penny pincher.
The rich man is as benevolent as the scrooge.The rich man is a penny pincher.
The rich man is as benevolent as the scrooge.The rich man is generous and kind.
The earth is going great as an athlete at his prime.The earth is in good shape.
The earth is going great as an athlete at his prime.The earth is sick and dying.
The earth is going great as a man on death row.The earth is sick and dying.
The earth is going great as a man on death row.The earth is in good shape.
The dog was long like a tunnel.The dog was very long.
The dog was long like a tunnel.The dog wasn't long at all.
The dog was long like a brick.The dog wasn't long at all.
The dog was long like a brick.The dog was very long.
He was as supportive as a foundation.He was very supportive.
He was as supportive as a foundation.He wasn't supportive.
He was as supportive as a broken fence.He wasn't supportive.
He was as supportive as a broken fence.He was very supportive.
The sky looked like a blackout.The sky was dark.
The sky looked like a blackout.The sky was very bright.
The sky looked like an led light.The sky was very bright.
The sky looked like an led light.The sky was dark.
Linear plots are bullet trains.Linear plots can powerfully and quickly accomplish a story.
Linear plots are bullet trains.Linear plots prevent a story from going anywhere.
Linear plots are a prison.Linear plots prevent a story from going anywhere.
Linear plots are a prison.Linear plots can powerfully and quickly accomplish a story.
Unsconsciousness is a void.There is nothing happening in the state of unconsciousness.
Unsconsciousness is a void.Things happening in the state of unconsciousness are extremely strange and alien.
Unsconsciousness is another planet.Things happening in the state of unconsciousness are extremely strange and alien.
Unsconsciousness is another planet.There is nothing happening in the state of unconsciousness.
The conversation was a puzzle box.The conversation was difficult to understand.
The conversation was a puzzle box.The conversation was easy to understand.
The conversation was a simple equation.The conversation was easy to understand.
The conversation was a simple equation.The conversation was difficult to understand.
The building wall is as flimsy as a napkin.The building wall is very flimsy.
The building wall is as flimsy as a napkin.The building wall is very sturdy.
The building wall is as flimsy as a sergeant.The building wall is very sturdy.
The building wall is as flimsy as a sergeant.The building wall is very flimsy.
The woman's stomach is a toilet.The woman will eat everything.
The woman's stomach is a toilet.The woman will eat nothing.
The woman's stomach is a peanut.The woman will eat nothing.
The woman's stomach is a peanut.The woman will eat everything.
The hunter stalks prey like a lumberjack.The hunter stalks prey very loudly.
The hunter stalks prey like a lumberjack.The hunter stalks prey very quietly.
The hunter stalks prey like a gazelle.The hunter stalks prey very quietly.
The hunter stalks prey like a gazelle.The hunter stalks prey very loudly.
The building was as empty as a billionaire's heart.It had no one.
The building was as empty as a billionaire's heart.It had many people.
The building was as empty as the house of a family of twelve.It had many people.
The building was as empty as the house of a family of twelve.It had no one.
The ranch was as sour as old grapes.It tasted nasty.
The ranch was as sour as old grapes.It tasted perfect.
The ranch was as sour as lemonade with extra sugar.It tasted perfect.
The ranch was as sour as lemonade with extra sugar.It tasted nasty.
The cup was as full as a bear during hibernation.It was filled.
The cup was as full as a bear during hibernation.It was empty.
The cup was as full as the wallet of a fast food worker.It was empty.
The cup was as full as the wallet of a fast food worker.It was filled.
The ice is as clear as a crystal.The ice is clear.
The ice is as clear as a crystal.The ice is murky.
The ice is as clear as a mudpool.The ice is murky.
The ice is as clear as a mudpool.The ice is clear.
They emerge from the water like a a lockness monster.They emerge from the water frightfully.
They emerge from the water like a a lockness monster.They emerge from the water gracefully.
They emerge from the water like a a mermaid.They emerge from the water gracefully.
They emerge from the water like a a mermaid.They emerge from the water frightfully.
The machine was as powerful as freight train.The machine was powerful.
The machine was as powerful as freight train.The machine was weak.
The machine was as powerful as a trickling stream.The machine was weak.
The machine was as powerful as a trickling stream.The machine was powerful.
You can rely on him the same way you can count on death and taxes.He is reliable.
You can rely on him the same way you can count on death and taxes.He is unreliable.
You can rely on him the same way you can count on winning the lottery.He is unreliable.
You can rely on him the same way you can count on winning the lottery.He is reliable.
Every minute of her date with him was like chinese water torture.The date was awful.
Every minute of her date with him was like chinese water torture.The date was wonderful.
Every minute of her date with him was like a refreshing breeze.The date was wonderful.
Every minute of her date with him was like a refreshing breeze.The date was awful.
Seeing them together is like watching a fencing match.They don't get along well.
Seeing them together is like watching a fencing match.They do get along well.
Seeing them together is like watching a choreographed dance.They do get along well.
Seeing them together is like watching a choreographed dance.They don't get along well.
The play had the length of a snake.The movie was long.
The play had the length of a snake.The movie was short.
The play had the length of an ant.The movie was short.
The play had the length of an ant.The movie was long.
The lake was as blue as the sky.The lake was blue.
The lake was as blue as the sky.The lake wasn't blue.
The lake was as blue as a black hole.The lake wasn't blue.
The lake was as blue as a black hole.The lake was blue.
This pain is a neverending ocean.The pain is unbearable.
This pain is a neverending ocean.The pain is tolerable.
This pain is a shallow pond.The pain is tolerable.
This pain is a shallow pond.The pain is unbearable.
The concert was a roaring fire.The concert was very crowded and hot.
The concert was a roaring fire.The concert was very spaced out and cool.
The concert was a cool summer breeze.The concert was very spaced out and cool.
The concert was a cool summer breeze.The concert was very crowded and hot.
The car was a lemon.The car breaks all the time.
The car was a lemon.The car lasts forever.
The car was a diamond.The car lasts forever.
The car was a diamond.The car breaks all the time.
He has a brain like a steel trap.He has a great memory.
He has a brain like a steel trap.He can't remember anything.
He has a brain like a sieve.He can't remember anything.
He has a brain like a sieve.He has a great memory.
Their yard is as pretty as a picture.Their yard is beautiful.
Their yard is as pretty as a picture.Their yard is ugly and unkempt.
Their yard is as pretty as a dunghill.Their yard is ugly and unkempt.
Their yard is as pretty as a dunghill.Their yard is beautiful.
Watching the butterfly emerge from the cocoon reminded her of trying to open a well wrapped gift.The butterfly was triumphant.
Watching the butterfly emerge from the cocoon reminded her of trying to open a well wrapped gift.The butterfly was failing to get out.
Watching the butterfly emerge from the cocoon reminded her of trying to open a trunk after you lost the key.The butterfly was failing to get out.
Watching the butterfly emerge from the cocoon reminded her of trying to open a trunk after you lost the key.The butterfly was triumphant.
Trying to read the inscription on the machine was as hard as trying to read something with a magnifying glass.The inscription was easy to read.
Trying to read the inscription on the machine was as hard as trying to read something with a magnifying glass.The inscription was hard to read.
Trying to read the inscription on the machine was as hard as trying to read something a mile away.The inscription was hard to read.
Trying to read the inscription on the machine was as hard as trying to read something a mile away.The inscription was easy to read.
It's enough to make an atheist praise god.It's enough to make anyone very happy.
It's enough to make an atheist praise god.It's enough to make anyone very mad.
It's enough to make a preacher cuss.It's enough to make anyone very mad.
It's enough to make a preacher cuss.It's enough to make anyone very happy.
Her chastity is as pure as spring water.She is chaste.
Her chastity is as pure as spring water.She is impure.
Her chastity is as pure as muddy water.She is impure.
Her chastity is as pure as muddy water.She is chaste.
The machine is a mute.The machine is quiet.
The machine is a mute.The machine is loud.
The machine is a speaker.The machine is loud.
The machine is a speaker.The machine is quiet.
Our relationship is a tidal wave.Our relationship is volatile.
Our relationship is a tidal wave.Our relationship is stable.
Our relationship is a serene lake.Our relationship is stable.
Our relationship is a serene lake.Our relationship is volatile.
That politician has the backbone of wet spaghetti.That politician is morally weak.
That politician has the backbone of wet spaghetti.That politician is morally strong.
That politician has the backbone of a skyscraper.That politician is morally strong.
That politician has the backbone of a skyscraper.That politician is morally weak.
Her brain is a supercomputer.She is smart.
Her brain is a supercomputer.She is dumb.
Her brain is mush.She is dumb.
Her brain is mush.She is smart.
This hole's as deep as a puddle.This hole is shallow.
This hole's as deep as a puddle.This hole is deep.
This hole's as deep as the grand canyon.This hole is deep.
This hole's as deep as the grand canyon.This hole is shallow.
That tidal wave is as tall as a skyscraper.The wave is tall.
That tidal wave is as tall as a skyscraper.The wave is short.
That tidal wave is as tall as a molehill.The wave is short.
That tidal wave is as tall as a molehill.The wave is tall.
The news was as uplifting as a sunny day.The news was uplifting.
The news was as uplifting as a sunny day.The news was sad.
The news was as uplifting as a funeral.The news was sad.
The news was as uplifting as a funeral.The news was uplifting.
The news today is like studying for the sats.The news today is stressful.
The news today is like studying for the sats.The news today is stress-free.
The news today is like going on vacation.The news today is stress-free.
The news today is like going on vacation.The news today is stressful.
He's as mean as two pitbulls in a phone booth.He is very mean.
He's as mean as two pitbulls in a phone booth.He is not mean at all.
He's as mean as a guinea pig.He is not mean at all.
He's as mean as a guinea pig.He is very mean.
The ocean was as calm as a spring breeze.The ocean was calm, relaxing, and quiet.
The ocean was as calm as a spring breeze.The ocean was rough and stormy.
The ocean was as calm as a tornado.The ocean was rough and stormy.
The ocean was as calm as a tornado.The ocean was calm, relaxing, and quiet.
His singing sounds like a perfectly tuned opera singer.His singing was amazing, and sounded smooth and breath taking.
His singing sounds like a perfectly tuned opera singer.His singing sounded rough and terrible.
His singing sounds like a motorcycle without a muffler.His singing sounded rough and terrible.
His singing sounds like a motorcycle without a muffler.His singing was amazing, and sounded smooth and breath taking.
The baby is a sack of potatoes.The baby weighs a lot.
The baby is a sack of potatoes.The baby doesn't weigh much.
The baby is a feather.The baby doesn't weigh much.
The baby is a feather.The baby weighs a lot.
The child is as quiet as a songbird.The child talks a lot.
The child is as quiet as a songbird.The child never talks.
The child is as quiet as a graveyard.The child never talks.
The child is as quiet as a graveyard.The child talks a lot.
The teacher's knowledge is an olympic sized pool.The teacher is very knowledgeable.
The teacher's knowledge is an olympic sized pool.The teacher is not knowledgeable.
The teacher's knowledge is a kiddie pool.The teacher is not knowledgeable.
The teacher's knowledge is a kiddie pool.The teacher is very knowledgeable.
He was generous like a nonprofit.He was very generous.
He was generous like a nonprofit.He was not generous.
He was generous like a scrooge.He was not generous.
He was generous like a scrooge.He was very generous.
It was cozy like a bed.It was very cozy.
It was cozy like a bed.It wasn't cozy.
It was cozy like a boulder.It wasn't cozy.
It was cozy like a boulder.It was very cozy.
Yesterday's breaking news was a punch to the guts.The breaking news was very shocking.
Yesterday's breaking news was a punch to the guts.The breaking news was trivial.
Yesterday's breaking news was a minor bump of shoulders.The breaking news was trivial.
Yesterday's breaking news was a minor bump of shoulders.The breaking news was very shocking.
The team was a well oiled machine.The team worked well together and precisely.
The team was a well oiled machine.The team was uncooperative and a disaster.
The team was a bomb waiting to explode.The team was uncooperative and a disaster.
The team was a bomb waiting to explode.The team worked well together and precisely.
The ocean waves had the calmness of a cartoon depiction of a tasmanian devil.The waves weren't at all calm.
The ocean waves had the calmness of a cartoon depiction of a tasmanian devil.The waves were extremely calm.
The ocean waves had the calmness of a sleeping monk.The waves were extremely calm.
The ocean waves had the calmness of a sleeping monk.The waves weren't at all calm.
The hunter proceeded, a procurer nearing his mark.The hunter was close to the kill.
The hunter proceeded, a procurer nearing his mark.The hunter was enjoying the chase.
The hunter proceeded a connoisseur coveting a new experience.The hunter was enjoying the chase.
The hunter proceeded a connoisseur coveting a new experience.The hunter was close to the kill.
She stared at him the emotion swimming in her eyes.She was feeling an emotion that was shifting and still forming.
She stared at him the emotion swimming in her eyes.She was feeling an emotion that was set and unchanging.
She stared at him the emotion frozen in her heart.She was feeling an emotion that was set and unchanging.
She stared at him the emotion frozen in her heart.She was feeling an emotion that was shifting and still forming.
The grass in the dry field reminded her of crunchy bran cereal logs.The grass was so dry that it snapped.
The grass in the dry field reminded her of crunchy bran cereal logs.The hrass was plush.
The grass in the dry field reminded her of shag carpeting.The hrass was plush.
The grass in the dry field reminded her of shag carpeting.The grass was so dry that it snapped.
The farmer's field looked like a battlefield after war.The farmer's field looked bad.
The farmer's field looked like a battlefield after war.The farmer's field looked good.
The farmer's field looked like an english garden.The farmer's field looked good.
The farmer's field looked like an english garden.The farmer's field looked bad.
The coffin looked like a half-opened amazon package.The coffin looked bad.
The coffin looked like a half-opened amazon package.The coffin looked great.
The coffin looked like a marble scultpure.The coffin looked great.
The coffin looked like a marble scultpure.The coffin looked bad.
The theory could barely be printed on a postage stamp.The theory was trivial.
The theory could barely be printed on a postage stamp.The theory was deep.
The theory could barely be printed on an entire encyclopedia.The theory was deep.
The theory could barely be printed on an entire encyclopedia.The theory was trivial.
The grass on the field is as thick as the hair on a balding man.The grass is sparse and thin.
The grass on the field is as thick as the hair on a balding man.The grass is dense and thick.
The grass on the field is as thick as the quills on a robust porcupine.The grass is dense and thick.
The grass on the field is as thick as the quills on a robust porcupine.The grass is sparse and thin.
His new theory held the professional acclaim of a third-grade science project.The theory holds little to no professional acclaim.
His new theory held the professional acclaim of a third-grade science project.The theory is celebrated and holds great professional acclaim.
His new theory held the professional acclaim of einstein's general theory of relativity.The theory is celebrated and holds great professional acclaim.
His new theory held the professional acclaim of einstein's general theory of relativity.The theory holds little to no professional acclaim.
This field is as green as a rainforest.This field is green.
This field is as green as a rainforest.This field is not green.
This field is as green as a desert.This field is not green.
This field is as green as a desert.This field is green.
The treasure is buried as deep as the earth's core.The treasure is buried deep.
The treasure is buried as deep as the earth's core.The treasure is not buried deep.
The treasure is buried as deep as a puddle.The treasure is not buried deep.
The treasure is buried as deep as a puddle.The treasure is buried deep.
Your theory is as believable as gravity.Your theory is believable.
Your theory is as believable as gravity.Your theory is unbelievable.
Your theory is as believable as bigfoot.Your theory is unbelievable.
Your theory is as believable as bigfoot.Your theory is believable.
The woman was as shy as a toddler on the first day of preschool.The woman was bashful.
The woman was as shy as a toddler on the first day of preschool.The woman was confident.
The woman was as shy as a lawyer on a huge case.The woman was confident.
The woman was as shy as a lawyer on a huge case.The woman was bashful.
The drugs were as strong as a bodybuilder.They were powerful.
The drugs were as strong as a bodybuilder.They were mild.
The drugs were as strong as a grandmother with a cold.They were mild.
The drugs were as strong as a grandmother with a cold.They were powerful.
The wall was taller than the empire state building.It was giant.
The wall was taller than the empire state building.It was tiny.
The wall was taller than a kid kneeling down.It was tiny.
The wall was taller than a kid kneeling down.It was giant.
The conversation was as juicy as a gossip magazine.The conversation was very juicy.
The conversation was as juicy as a gossip magazine.The conversation was very dull.
The conversation was as juicy as a business meeting.The conversation was very dull.
The conversation was as juicy as a business meeting.The conversation was very juicy.
The woman's laugh is as loud as a firetruck.The woman's laugh is very loud.
The woman's laugh is as loud as a firetruck.The woman's laugh is very quiet.
The woman's laugh is as loud as a yawn.The woman's laugh is very quiet.
The woman's laugh is as loud as a yawn.The woman's laugh is very loud.
The house is as spacious as the night sky.The house is a mansion.
The house is as spacious as the night sky.The house is tiny.
The house is as spacious as a thimble.The house is tiny.
The house is as spacious as a thimble.The house is a mansion.
The crackers were a warm day in arizona.The crackers were dry.
The crackers were a warm day in arizona.The crackers were moist.
The crackers were a cool evening in the amazon.The crackers were moist.
The crackers were a cool evening in the amazon.The crackers were dry.
The garden was a contortionist.The garden was complex and shaped.
The garden was a contortionist.The garden was still and non-flexible.
The garden was an old man.The garden was still and non-flexible.
The garden was an old man.The garden was complex and shaped.
The slot machine spun like a flat tire.The machine spun slowly.
The slot machine spun like a flat tire.The machine spun quickly.
The slot machine spun like a gyroscope.The machine spun quickly.
The slot machine spun like a gyroscope.The machine spun slowly.
The cancer was spreading as fast as gossip in a workplace.The cancer was spreading fast.
The cancer was spreading as fast as gossip in a workplace.The cancer was not spreading as fast.
The cancer was spreading as fast as a tricycle in the sand.The cancer was not spreading as fast.
The cancer was spreading as fast as a tricycle in the sand.The cancer was spreading fast.
The container was as thick as a strand of hair.The container was not thick.
The container was as thick as a strand of hair.The container was thick.
The container was as thick as a battleship's hull.The container was thick.
The container was as thick as a battleship's hull.The container was not thick.
The industry was growing as fast as a dead rabbit.The industry was not growing fast.
The industry was growing as fast as a dead rabbit.The industry was growing fast.
The industry was growing as fast as a jack rabbit.The industry was growing fast.
The industry was growing as fast as a jack rabbit.The industry was not growing fast.
The container was a kiddie pool.The container was small.
The container was a kiddie pool.The container was large.
The container was a pacific ocean.The container was large.
The container was a pacific ocean.The container was small.
Those people are about as nice as a pride of angry lions.Those people are not nice what so ever.
Those people are about as nice as a pride of angry lions.Those people are some of the nicest people.
Those people are about as nice as a pastor on sunday.Those people are some of the nicest people.
Those people are about as nice as a pastor on sunday.Those people are not nice what so ever.
That's as colorful as a black and white tv.That has no color to it.
That's as colorful as a black and white tv.That is colorful and nice.
That's as colorful as tropical birds.That is colorful and nice.
That's as colorful as tropical birds.That has no color to it.
When i wake up i feel like a hundred dollar bill.When i wake up i feel pretty good.
When i wake up i feel like a hundred dollar bill.When i wake up i am still tired and exhausted.
When i wake up i feel like i just ran a marathon.When i wake up i am still tired and exhausted.
When i wake up i feel like i just ran a marathon.When i wake up i feel pretty good.
The teenager has the ambition of the next president of america.The teenager is reaching to do great things in life.
The teenager has the ambition of the next president of america.The teenager is a loser.
The teenager has the ambition of the high school drop-out applying for a job at the 7-11.The teenager is a loser.
The teenager has the ambition of the high school drop-out applying for a job at the 7-11.The teenager is reaching to do great things in life.
Jamie's house has the smell of dead rats.Jamie's house stinks.
Jamie's house has the smell of dead rats.Jamie's house smells nice.
Jamie's house has the smell of honey and berries.Jamie's house smells nice.
Jamie's house has the smell of honey and berries.Jamie's house stinks.
Cancer is as dangerous as a rabid wolf.It is deadly.
Cancer is as dangerous as a rabid wolf.It is harmless.
Cancer is as dangerous as a sleeping puppy.It is harmless.
Cancer is as dangerous as a sleeping puppy.It is deadly.
The industry was as shameful as a boy who forgot his homework.It is embarrassing.
The industry was as shameful as a boy who forgot his homework.Its not embarrassing.
The industry was as shameful as a straight a student.Its not embarrassing.
The industry was as shameful as a straight a student.It is embarrassing.
The show was as exciting as old soup.It was boring.
The show was as exciting as old soup.It was thrilling.
The show was as exciting as a winning lotto ticket.It was thrilling.
The show was as exciting as a winning lotto ticket.It was boring.
Their smiles shone radiantly as a warming fireplace.Their smiles engendered joy.
Their smiles shone radiantly as a warming fireplace.Their smiles seemed vile.
Their smiles engulfed the life out of the room.Their smiles seemed vile.
Their smiles engulfed the life out of the room.Their smiles engendered joy.
The apprentice had the reflexes of a cat.The apprentice was agile.
The apprentice had the reflexes of a cat.The apprentice was a brute.
The apprentice had the grace of a hippo.The apprentice was a brute.
The apprentice had the grace of a hippo.The apprentice was agile.
That turkey had the texture of a goodyear tire.The turkey was chewy and hard.
That turkey had the texture of a goodyear tire.The turkey was tender and moist.
That turkey had the texture of a cream puff.The turkey was tender and moist.
That turkey had the texture of a cream puff.The turkey was chewy and hard.
The speaker had the wisdom of a drunk passed out in the men's room.The speaker was horrible/dumb.
The speaker had the wisdom of a drunk passed out in the men's room.The speaker was profound and wise.
The speaker had the wisdom of king solomon, stephen hawking and ghandi all wrapped up in one.The speaker was profound and wise.
The speaker had the wisdom of king solomon, stephen hawking and ghandi all wrapped up in one.The speaker was horrible/dumb.
The novel's plot had the complexity of a second-hand coloring book.The novel was boring.
The novel's plot had the complexity of a second-hand coloring book.The novel was very complex.
The novel's plot had the complexity of a calculus exam written in latin.The novel was very complex.
The novel's plot had the complexity of a calculus exam written in latin.The novel was boring.
The room was cozy as sleeping kittens.The room was comfortable.
The room was cozy as sleeping kittens.The room was dank.
The room was cozy as a crypt in a snow storm.The room was dank.
The room was cozy as a crypt in a snow storm.The room was comfortable.
His words were as sweet as fresh honey.He had a pleasant speaking manner.
His words were as sweet as fresh honey.He was sarcastic and belligerent.
His words were as sweet as a dandelion green smoothie.He was sarcastic and belligerent.
His words were as sweet as a dandelion green smoothie.He had a pleasant speaking manner.
Love is a poppy field.Love is beautiful.
Love is a poppy field.Love is war.
Love is a battlefield.Love is war.
Love is a battlefield.Love is beautiful.
The sun is mad.The weather is really hot!.
The sun is mad.The weather is at a nice temperature.
The sun is happy.The weather is at a nice temperature.
The sun is happy.The weather is really hot!.
The river's current is much like a soft breeze.The river's flow is gentle.
The river's current is much like a soft breeze.The river's flow is intense.
The river's current is a sharp rush.The river's flow is intense.
The river's current is a sharp rush.The river's flow is gentle.
The client was as punctual as the presidential inauguration ceremony.The client was always right on time.
The client was as punctual as the presidential inauguration ceremony.The client was always late.
The client was as punctual as a tardy student.The client was always late.
The client was as punctual as a tardy student.The client was always right on time.
The finish on the wood was as smooth as frog skin.The finish on the wood was smooth.
The finish on the wood was as smooth as frog skin.The finish on the wood was rough.
The finish on the wood was as smooth as elephant skin.The finish on the wood was rough.
The finish on the wood was as smooth as elephant skin.The finish on the wood was smooth.
The mood at the dinner table was like a parade.The mood at the dinner table was celebratory.
The mood at the dinner table was like a parade.The mood at the dinner table was solemn.
The mood at the dinner table was like a graveyard.The mood at the dinner table was solemn.
The mood at the dinner table was like a graveyard.The mood at the dinner table was celebratory.
The boy's handwriting was as organized as a rollercoaster.The boy's handwriting was very messy.
The boy's handwriting was as organized as a rollercoaster.The boy's handwriting was very organized.
The boy's handwriting was as organized as a housekeeper.The boy's handwriting was very organized.
The boy's handwriting was as organized as a housekeeper.The boy's handwriting was very messy.
The movie's ending was as believable as the loch ness monster.The movie's ending was totally unbelievable.
The movie's ending was as believable as the loch ness monster.The movie's ending was totally believable.
The movie's ending was as believable as a birth certificate.The movie's ending was totally believable.
The movie's ending was as believable as a birth certificate.The movie's ending was totally unbelievable.
The coma was as surprising as the sun shining during the day.It wasn't shocking.
The coma was as surprising as the sun shining during the day.It was out of nowhere.
The coma was as surprising as a heart attack.It was out of nowhere.
The coma was as surprising as a heart attack.It wasn't shocking.
The car was as shiny as a rock in dirt.It was old.
The car was as shiny as a rock in dirt.It was bright.
The car was as shiny as a diamond.It was bright.
The car was as shiny as a diamond.It was old.
The boy was growing like a weed.He was growing fast.
The boy was growing like a weed.He stayed the same.
The boy was growing like a sheet of paper.He stayed the same.
The boy was growing like a sheet of paper.He was growing fast.
Her happiness was a rising sun.Her happiness was clear to be seen.
Her happiness was a rising sun.Her happiness was difficult to notice.
Her happiness was the moon on a bright day.Her happiness was difficult to notice.
Her happiness was the moon on a bright day.Her happiness was clear to be seen.
This bargain is as cheap as dirt.This bargain is cheap.
This bargain is as cheap as dirt.This "bargain" is expensive.
This bargain is as cheap as diamonds.This "bargain" is expensive.
This bargain is as cheap as diamonds.This bargain is cheap.
He's got the heart of a lion.He's fierce and aggressive.
He's got the heart of a lion.He's meek and passive.
He's got the heart of a lamb.He's meek and passive.
He's got the heart of a lamb.He's fierce and aggressive.
The crowd was as loud as a monster truck rally.The crowd was loud.
The crowd was as loud as a monster truck rally.The crowd was quiet.
The crowd was as loud as a library.The crowd was quiet.
The crowd was as loud as a library.The crowd was loud.
The birthday boy was as happy as a day full of sunshine.The boy was happy.
The birthday boy was as happy as a day full of sunshine.The boy was unhappy.
The birthday boy was as happy as a storm cloud.The boy was unhappy.
The birthday boy was as happy as a storm cloud.The boy was happy.
The author's main character had the wisdom of a barn owl.The character was wise.
The author's main character had the wisdom of a barn owl.The character was naive.
The author's main character had the wisdom of a duckling.The character was naive.
The author's main character had the wisdom of a duckling.The character was wise.
The maiden's had the beauty of a meadow after a summer shower.The maiden was pretty.
The maiden's had the beauty of a meadow after a summer shower.The maiden was ugly.
The maiden's had the beauty of a muddy bog.The maiden was ugly.
The maiden's had the beauty of a muddy bog.The maiden was pretty.
The socialite was as glamorous as a west coast sunset.The socialite was visually stunning.
The socialite was as glamorous as a west coast sunset.The socialite was dull and common.
The socialite was as glamorous as a sewer pipe.The socialite was dull and common.
The socialite was as glamorous as a sewer pipe.The socialite was visually stunning.
The hike was as rigorous as a 2-day decathalon.The hike was difficult.
The hike was as rigorous as a 2-day decathalon.The hike was easy.
The hike was as rigorous as a doggy paddle around a wading pool.The hike was easy.
The hike was as rigorous as a doggy paddle around a wading pool.The hike was difficult.
The index is as organized as phone book.The index is neat and organized, well put together.
The index is as organized as phone book.The index is not at all organized.
The index is as organized as team without a coach.The index is not at all organized.
The index is as organized as team without a coach.The index is neat and organized, well put together.
It's about as challenging as playing a chess master.It is really hard, and challenging.
It's about as challenging as playing a chess master.It's very simple.
It's about as challenging as walking down the street.It's very simple.
It's about as challenging as walking down the street.It is really hard, and challenging.
The party was as good as an iced cold drink on a sunny day.The party was fantastic.
The party was as good as an iced cold drink on a sunny day.The party was horrible.
The party was as good as being lost in the desert for days.The party was horrible.
The party was as good as being lost in the desert for days.The party was fantastic.
A woman scorned is a mother bear with a wounded cub.A woman scorned is dangerously angry.
A woman scorned is a mother bear with a wounded cub.A woman scorned is beyond heartbroken.
A woman scorned is a wounded bird.A woman scorned is beyond heartbroken.
A woman scorned is a wounded bird.A woman scorned is dangerously angry.
The enemy villagers were fish in a barrel.The enemy villagers were an easy mark unprepared for an attack.
The enemy villagers were fish in a barrel.The enemy villagers were dangerous, aggressive, and deadly.
The enemy villagers were a pack of wolves.The enemy villagers were dangerous, aggressive, and deadly.
The enemy villagers were a pack of wolves.The enemy villagers were an easy mark unprepared for an attack.
After poking the body with the stick the boy cottontailled it several feet back.After poking the body with the stick the boy rapidly jumped back several feet.
After poking the body with the stick the boy cottontailled it several feet back.After poking the body with the stick the boy went in for a closer inspection.
After poking the body with the stick the boy acted like a bloodhound.After poking the body with the stick the boy went in for a closer inspection.
After poking the body with the stick the boy acted like a bloodhound.After poking the body with the stick the boy rapidly jumped back several feet.
The cat had the look of a person walking down the street texting.The cat wasn't paying attention to its surroundings.
The cat had the look of a person walking down the street texting.The cat was paying a lot of attention to its surroundings.
The cat had the look of an eagle searching for prey.The cat was paying a lot of attention to its surroundings.
The cat had the look of an eagle searching for prey.The cat wasn't paying attention to its surroundings.
The movie had the length of a line for a roller coaster on a theme park's opening day.The movie had a very long runtime.
The movie had the length of a line for a roller coaster on a theme park's opening day.The movie had a very short runtime.
The movie had the length of a baby caterpillar.The movie had a very short runtime.
The movie had the length of a baby caterpillar.The movie had a very long runtime.
The running air filter sounded like a semi-truck struggling to get up a hill.The running air filter sounded extremely loud.
The running air filter sounded like a semi-truck struggling to get up a hill.The running air filter sounded nice and quiet.
The running air filter sounded like being outdoors when there's a calm wind.The running air filter sounded nice and quiet.
The running air filter sounded like being outdoors when there's a calm wind.The running air filter sounded extremely loud.
His suspicion had the impact of a cotton ball.His suspicion had little effect.
His suspicion had the impact of a cotton ball.His suspicion had huge effect.
His suspicion had the impact of a cannon ball.His suspicion had huge effect.
His suspicion had the impact of a cannon ball.His suspicion had little effect.
He had the hiding instincts of a marching band.He was very conspicuous.
He had the hiding instincts of a marching band.He was very stealthy.
He had the hiding instincts of a mountain lion.He was very stealthy.
He had the hiding instincts of a mountain lion.He was very conspicuous.
He spoke the truth of a con artist.He was a liar.
He spoke the truth of a con artist.He was honest.
He spoke the truth of a saint.He was honest.
He spoke the truth of a saint.He was a liar.
I forgot to wear deodorant but i still radiated the scent of a field of daisies.I smelled good.
I forgot to wear deodorant but i still radiated the scent of a field of daisies.I smelled bad.
I forgot to wear deodorant and radiated the smell of a waste dump.I smelled bad.
I forgot to wear deodorant and radiated the smell of a waste dump.I smelled good.
The walk from the parking lot to the theme park was a walk through a oven.I was hot during my walk.
The walk from the parking lot to the theme park was a walk through a oven.I was cold during my walk.
The walk from the parking lot to the theme park was a walk through a freezer.I was cold during my walk.
The walk from the parking lot to the theme park was a walk through a freezer.I was hot during my walk.
I was an ant standing next to everyone else.I was shorter than everyone around me.
I was an ant standing next to everyone else.I was taller than everyone around me.
I was a giraffe standing next to everyone else.I was taller than everyone around me.
I was a giraffe standing next to everyone else.I was shorter than everyone around me.
The new song sounded as melodic as a cat with its tail caught in a mousetrap.The new song did not sound melodic.
The new song sounded as melodic as a cat with its tail caught in a mousetrap.The new song sounded beautifully melodic.
The new song sounded as melodic as wind chimes under the direction of heaven's own choir.The new song sounded beautifully melodic.
The new song sounded as melodic as wind chimes under the direction of heaven's own choir.The new song did not sound melodic.
The political candidate possessed the charisma of a revered rock music god.The political candidate was very charismatic.
The political candidate possessed the charisma of a revered rock music god.The political candidate was very uncharismatic.
The political candidate possessed the charisma of a pushy leper with aids.The political candidate was very uncharismatic.
The political candidate possessed the charisma of a pushy leper with aids.The political candidate was very charismatic.
The bureaucrat treated the citizen's concern with the urgency of a recalitrant slug on barbituates.The bureaucrat treated the citizen's concern with no urgency.
The bureaucrat treated the citizen's concern with the urgency of a recalitrant slug on barbituates.The bureaucrat treated the citizen's concern with high urgency.
The bureaucrat treated the citizen's concern with the urgency of an imminent terrorist threat.The bureaucrat treated the citizen's concern with high urgency.
The bureaucrat treated the citizen's concern with the urgency of an imminent terrorist threat.The bureaucrat treated the citizen's concern with no urgency.
The politician's policy proposals were as easy to understand as nursery rhyme.The politician's policy proposals were simple and easy to understand.
The politician's policy proposals were as easy to understand as nursery rhyme.The politician's policy proposals were complex and difficult to understand.
The politician's policy proposals were as easy to understand as an advanced neuroscience textbook.The politician's policy proposals were complex and difficult to understand.
The politician's policy proposals were as easy to understand as an advanced neuroscience textbook.The politician's policy proposals were simple and easy to understand.
The professor's office was as open to students as a 24 hour wal-mart.The professor's office was always open to the students.
The professor's office was as open to students as a 24 hour wal-mart.The professor's office was closed to the students.
The professor's office was as open to students as a chick-fil-a on sundays.The professor's office was closed to the students.
The professor's office was as open to students as a chick-fil-a on sundays.The professor's office was always open to the students.
The conversation they had was as vulnerable as an anne sexton poem.The conversation was vulnerable.
The conversation they had was as vulnerable as an anne sexton poem.The conversation they was not vulnerable.
The conversation they had was as vulnerable as a vaccinated child.The conversation they was not vulnerable.
The conversation they had was as vulnerable as a vaccinated child.The conversation was vulnerable.
The alibi is cast-iron.The alibi is strong.
The alibi is cast-iron.The alibi is thin and weak.
The alibi is tissue paper.The alibi is thin and weak.
The alibi is tissue paper.The alibi is strong.
The policeman is a protective haven.I run to a policeman for protection.
The policeman is a protective haven.I run from a policeman to escape harm.
The policeman is a scary nightmare.I run from a policeman to escape harm.
The policeman is a scary nightmare.I run to a policeman for protection.
Evolution is russian roulette.Evolution can proceed in either a good or bad direction.
Evolution is russian roulette.Evolution always leads to improvement.
Evolution is an upgrade guaranteed.Evolution always leads to improvement.
Evolution is an upgrade guaranteed.Evolution can proceed in either a good or bad direction.
The cracker was as crunchy as stepping on and breaking ice.The cracker made loud crunching noises.
The cracker was as crunchy as stepping on and breaking ice.The cracker had a soft quiet texture.
The cracker was as crunchy as biting into a banana.The cracker had a soft quiet texture.
The cracker was as crunchy as biting into a banana.The cracker made loud crunching noises.
The dress made her as fashionable as elizabeth taylor in her prime.The dress made her highly fashionable.
The dress made her as fashionable as elizabeth taylor in her prime.Her fashion was outdated.
The dress made her as fashionable as elizabeth taylor in the 80s.Her fashion was outdated.
The dress made her as fashionable as elizabeth taylor in the 80s.The dress made her highly fashionable.
The girl stared into the window withholding her own life force from herself.The girl stared into the window holding her breath.
The girl stared into the window withholding her own life force from herself.The girl stared into the window panting rapidly.
The girl stared into the window seeming to mimic a dog on a hot summer's day.The girl stared into the window panting rapidly.
The girl stared into the window seeming to mimic a dog on a hot summer's day.The girl stared into the window holding her breath.
The woman packed the donkey's saddlebags with the bare bones needed.The woman packed the donkey's saddlebags with just the essential necessities.
The woman packed the donkey's saddlebags with the bare bones needed.The woman packed the donkey's saddlebags with everything she could possible think of.
The woman packed the donkey's saddlebags for every possible toss of the coin.The woman packed the donkey's saddlebags with everything she could possible think of.
The woman packed the donkey's saddlebags for every possible toss of the coin.The woman packed the donkey's saddlebags with just the essential necessities.
The cat was trying to call the moon down.The cat was yowling loudly outside.
The cat was trying to call the moon down.The cat was purring contentedly inside.
The cat was a motorboat idling at the dock.The cat was purring contentedly inside.
The cat was a motorboat idling at the dock.The cat was yowling loudly outside.
The magazine article he wrote had readers falling asleep.It was a boring article.
The magazine article he wrote had readers falling asleep.It was riveting article.
The magazine article he wrote had readers glued to the page.It was riveting article.
The magazine article he wrote had readers glued to the page.It was a boring article.
The used car he bought purrs like a kitten.The car runs well.
The used car he bought purrs like a kitten.The car runs badly.
The used car he bought wheezes like an asthma patient.The car runs badly.
The used car he bought wheezes like an asthma patient.The car runs well.
The way he speaks makes me think of shakespeare.He is well-spoken.
The way he speaks makes me think of shakespeare.He is not well-spoken.
The way he speaks makes me think of the elephant man.He is not well-spoken.
The way he speaks makes me think of the elephant man.He is well-spoken.
He kept his emotions bottled up.He didn't talk about his feelings.
He kept his emotions bottled up.He was very open about how he feels.
He kept his emotions on his sleeve.He was very open about how he feels.
He kept his emotions on his sleeve.He didn't talk about his feelings.
He is busy as a bee.He is very busy.
He is busy as a bee.He doesn't have anything to do.
He is busy as a thumb tack.He doesn't have anything to do.
He is busy as a thumb tack.He is very busy.
The crisis was as serious as a sunday walk.The crisis is not serious.
The crisis was as serious as a sunday walk.The crisis is very serious.
The crisis was as serious as a heart attack.The crisis is very serious.
The crisis was as serious as a heart attack.The crisis is not serious.
The external candidate was suited to the job like italian gloves.The external candidate is well suited to the job.
The external candidate was suited to the job like italian gloves.The external candidate is a bad fit for the job.
The external candidate was suited to the job like an old-time deep dive suit.The external candidate is a bad fit for the job.
The external candidate was suited to the job like an old-time deep dive suit.The external candidate is well suited to the job.
The new fashions was as original as a picasso masterpiece.The new fashions are complete new and original.
The new fashions was as original as a picasso masterpiece.The new fashions are dull.
The new fashions was as original as a blank wall.The new fashions are dull.
The new fashions was as original as a blank wall.The new fashions are complete new and original.
Her fashion was a peacock.Her fashion was showy.
Her fashion was a peacock.Her fashion was understated.
Her fashion was a sparrow.Her fashion was understated.
Her fashion was a sparrow.Her fashion was showy.
You're as thin as a rake.You're thin.
You're as thin as a rake.You're fat.
You're as thin as a balloon.You're fat.
You're as thin as a balloon.You're thin.
The ink had the darkness of hitler's heart.The ink was very dark.
The ink had the darkness of hitler's heart.The ink was not dark at all.
The ink had the darkness of a snowy christmas morning.The ink was not dark at all.
The ink had the darkness of a snowy christmas morning.The ink was very dark.
The light had the brightness of a decade old glow stick.The light was very dull.
The light had the brightness of a decade old glow stick.The light was very bright.
The light had the brightness of a lightbulb attached to a nuclear reactor.The light was very bright.
The light had the brightness of a lightbulb attached to a nuclear reactor.The light was very dull.
The lemon had the sourness of a bowl of warheads and cry baby candies.The lemon was sour.
The lemon had the sourness of a bowl of warheads and cry baby candies.The lemon was sweet.
The lemon had the sourness of a bowl of strawberries and cherries.The lemon was sweet.
The lemon had the sourness of a bowl of strawberries and cherries.The lemon was sour.
The cake tasted like heaven.The cake tastes good.
The cake tasted like heaven.The cake tastes bad.
The cake tasted like hell.The cake tastes bad.
The cake tasted like hell.The cake tastes good.
It sparkled like fool's gold.The item is not valuable.
It sparkled like fool's gold.The item is valuable.
It sparkled like a diamond.The item is valuable.
It sparkled like a diamond.The item is not valuable.
The fondness i feel for my neighbor is earthquake like.My fondness for my neighbor is unstable and changeable.
The fondness i feel for my neighbor is earthquake like.My fondndess for my neighbor is stable and strong.
The fondness i feel for my neighbor is rock solid.My fondndess for my neighbor is stable and strong.
The fondness i feel for my neighbor is rock solid.My fondness for my neighbor is unstable and changeable.
The child is like a sunflower.The child is beautiful.
The child is like a sunflower.The child is unkempt.
The child is like a ragweed.The child is unkempt.
The child is like a ragweed.The child is beautiful.
Ask him a tech question and you'll think you're talking to a hotshot from silicon valley.He is technologically savvy.
Ask him a tech question and you'll think you're talking to a hotshot from silicon valley.He is technologically illiterate.
Ask him a tech question and you'll think you're talking to a luddite from the 19th century.He is technologically illiterate.
Ask him a tech question and you'll think you're talking to a luddite from the 19th century.He is technologically savvy.
When it comes to her desire to explore the world, she could easily be compared to magellan.She wants to go everywhere.
When it comes to her desire to explore the world, she could easily be compared to magellan.She doesn't want to go anywhere.
When it comes to her desire to explore the world, she could easily be compared to an agoraphobic.She doesn't want to go anywhere.
When it comes to her desire to explore the world, she could easily be compared to an agoraphobic.She wants to go everywhere.
Listening to the president's speech made my heart sing.The president's speech inspired me.
Listening to the president's speech made my heart sing.The president's speech angered me.
Listening to the president's speech made my blood boil.The president's speech angered me.
Listening to the president's speech made my blood boil.The president's speech inspired me.
The park was an empty sea.The park was empty.
The park was an empty sea.The park was very busy.
The park was a flooded ocean.The park was very busy.
The park was a flooded ocean.The park was empty.
She makes my blood boil.She makes me angry.
She makes my blood boil.She makes me feel love.
She makes my heart melt.She makes me feel love.
She makes my heart melt.She makes me angry.
Using slot machines is like putting money in the bank.Slot machines are a good way to make money.
Using slot machines is like putting money in the bank.Slot machines are a good way to lose money.
Using slot machines is like throwing money in a pit.Slot machines are a good way to lose money.
Using slot machines is like throwing money in a pit.Slot machines are a good way to make money.
My computer is as fast as lightning.My computer works very fast.
My computer is as fast as lightning.My computer works very slowly.
My computer is as fast as a slug.My computer works very slowly.
My computer is as fast as a slug.My computer works very fast.
Their relationship was a forest fire.Their relationship was volatile.
Their relationship was a forest fire.Their relationship was peaceful.
Their relationship was a summer breeze.Their relationship was peaceful.
Their relationship was a summer breeze.Their relationship was volatile.
His voice was broken glass.His voice was harsh.
His voice was broken glass.His voice was gentle.
His voice was goose down.His voice was gentle.
His voice was goose down.His voice was harsh.
His new job is a boa constrictor.His job is oppressive.
His new job is a boa constrictor.His job is refreshing.
His new job is a swig of iced tea.His job is refreshing.
His new job is a swig of iced tea.His job is oppressive.
He treated them with the fondness of a golden retriever.He was loving toward them.
He treated them with the fondness of a golden retriever.He was combative with them.
He treated them with the fondness of a feral cat.He was combative with them.
He treated them with the fondness of a feral cat.He was loving toward them.
The ground had the warmth of a roasted marshmallow.The ground was radiating heat.
The ground had the warmth of a roasted marshmallow.The ground radiated no heat.
The ground had the warmth of a cadaver.The ground radiated no heat.
The ground had the warmth of a cadaver.The ground was radiating heat.
He gave the effort of a log.He did not try.
He gave the effort of a log.He tried very hard.
He gave the effort of an olympian.He tried very hard.
He gave the effort of an olympian.He did not try.
They seem as fond of that as a fly in their soup.They are not happy about it or fond of it.
They seem as fond of that as a fly in their soup.They are excited and happy about it.
They seem as fond of that as finding lost money.They are excited and happy about it.
They seem as fond of that as finding lost money.They are not happy about it or fond of it.
That light is as bright as a black hole.The light is dark.
That light is as bright as a black hole.The light is very bright.
That light is as bright as flashlight in the eye.The light is very bright.
That light is as bright as flashlight in the eye.The light is dark.
That ride was as enjoyable as getting your foot ran over.That ride was not fun and enjoyable.
That ride was as enjoyable as getting your foot ran over.That ride was fun and enjoyable.
That ride was as enjoyable as a surprise birthday party.That ride was fun and enjoyable.
That ride was as enjoyable as a surprise birthday party.That ride was not fun and enjoyable.
The human body is like a machine.The human body is utilitarian and mechanstic.
The human body is like a machine.The human body is abstract and romantic.
The human body is like a work of art.The human body is abstract and romantic.
The human body is like a work of art.The human body is utilitarian and mechanstic.
My brother in law is as funny as a standup comedian.My brother in law is very funny.
My brother in law is as funny as a standup comedian.My brother in law is not funny at all.
My brother in law is as funny as a eulogy.My brother in law is not funny at all.
My brother in law is as funny as a eulogy.My brother in law is very funny.
Airport travel is as fun as going to an amusement park.Airport travel is lots of fun.
Airport travel is as fun as going to an amusement park.Airport travel is not fun, and torturous.
Airport travel is as fun as getting your teeth drilled at the dentist.Airport travel is not fun, and torturous.
Airport travel is as fun as getting your teeth drilled at the dentist.Airport travel is lots of fun.
This rock falling on my foot has the pain of a army of angry ants coming for my soul.The rock caused agonizing pain on my foot.
This rock falling on my foot has the pain of a army of angry ants coming for my soul.The rock didn't cause any pain on my foot.
This rock falling on my foot has the pain of a dust drop.The rock didn't cause any pain on my foot.
This rock falling on my foot has the pain of a dust drop.The rock caused agonizing pain on my foot.
The man has the stomach of a baywatch lifeguard.The man has a fit stomach.
The man has the stomach of a baywatch lifeguard.The man has a large stomach.
The man has the stomach of a hippopotamus that hasn't a clue of what a diet is.The man has a large stomach.
The man has the stomach of a hippopotamus that hasn't a clue of what a diet is.The man has a fit stomach.
The link was as strong as a strand of spaghetti.The link was not strong.
The link was as strong as a strand of spaghetti.The link was strong.
The link was as strong as carbon steel.The link was strong.
The link was as strong as carbon steel.The link was not strong.
The argument was as logical as a ranting drunk.The argument was not logical.
The argument was as logical as a ranting drunk.The argument was logical.
The argument was as logical as a legal statute.The argument was logical.
The argument was as logical as a legal statute.The argument was not logical.
That's as logical as magic spells.That doesn't make any sense.
That's as logical as magic spells.That makes a lot of sense.
That's as logical as a science.That makes a lot of sense.
That's as logical as a science.That doesn't make any sense.
That website has as many links as an email's spam inbox.That website has a lot of links.
That website has as many links as an email's spam inbox.That website doesn't have any links.
That website has as many links as a blank piece of paper.That website doesn't have any links.
That website has as many links as a blank piece of paper.That website has a lot of links.
My shoes feel like they are boulders.My shoes feel heavy.
My shoes feel like they are boulders.My shoes feel light.
My shoes feel like they are clouds.My shoes feel light.
My shoes feel like they are clouds.My shoes feel heavy.
The link in the email was as helpful as an offer from hulu for 99 cents for a year.The link was very useful.
The link in the email was as helpful as an offer from hulu for 99 cents for a year.The link was useless.
The link in the email was as helpful as an offer for viagra for a single woman.The link was useless.
The link in the email was as helpful as an offer for viagra for a single woman.The link was very useful.
My fingers could double as bratwursts.I have fat fingers.
My fingers could double as bratwursts.I have skinny fingers.
My fingers could double as pretzel sticks.I have skinny fingers.
My fingers could double as pretzel sticks.I have fat fingers.
My skin is essentially the sahara desert.My skin is dry and rough.
My skin is essentially the sahara desert.My skin is smooth.
My skin is essentially porcelain.My skin is smooth.
My skin is essentially porcelain.My skin is dry and rough.
His reflexes are that of a sloth.He has slow reflexes.
His reflexes are that of a sloth.He has fast reflexes.
His reflexes are that of a snake.He has fast reflexes.
His reflexes are that of a snake.He has slow reflexes.
The videogame is as inclusive as a white nationalist party.The videogame is very white and not diverse.
The videogame is as inclusive as a white nationalist party.The videogame is highly diverse.
The videogame is as inclusive as a diversity scholarship party.The videogame is highly diverse.
The videogame is as inclusive as a diversity scholarship party.The videogame is very white and not diverse.
The carrots are as gnarly as a buddha's hand fruit.The carrots are really gnarled.
The carrots are as gnarly as a buddha's hand fruit.The carrots are really straight.
The carrots are as gnarly as a pencil.The carrots are really straight.
The carrots are as gnarly as a pencil.The carrots are really gnarled.
The fish is as scaly as a dragon.The fish is really scaly.
The fish is as scaly as a dragon.The fish has no scales.
The fish is as scaly as a cat.The fish has no scales.
The fish is as scaly as a cat.The fish is really scaly.
He was a bear of a man.The man was built strongly.
He was a bear of a man.The man was built slightly.
He was a mouse of a man.The man was built slightly.
He was a mouse of a man.The man was built strongly.
Films are food for the eyes.Films engage only shallow aesthetic faculties.
Films are food for the eyes.Films inspire thoughtfulness.
Films are food for the mind.Films inspire thoughtfulness.
Films are food for the mind.Films engage only shallow aesthetic faculties.
The director was a savage.The director was very uncouth or rude.
The director was a savage.The director was extremely patient and kind.
The director was a saint.The director was extremely patient and kind.
The director was a saint.The director was very uncouth or rude.
He was social like a dog.He was very social.
He was social like a dog.He was antisocial.
He was social like a cat.He was antisocial.
He was social like a cat.He was very social.
It was luxurious like a rolex.It was very luxurious.
It was luxurious like a rolex.It wasn't luxurious.
It was luxurious like a dustball.It wasn't luxurious.
It was luxurious like a dustball.It was very luxurious.
The classroom environment was a zoo.The classroom environment was wild and boisterous.
The classroom environment was a zoo.The classroom environment was calm and tranquil.
The classroom environment was a serene forest.The classroom environment was calm and tranquil.
The classroom environment was a serene forest.The classroom environment was wild and boisterous.
My colleague at work is a dragon.My colleague at work is fierce.
My colleague at work is a dragon.My colleague at work is easy-going.
My colleague at work is a teddy bear.My colleague at work is easy-going.
My colleague at work is a teddy bear.My colleague at work is fierce.
Our newest team member is an open book.Our newest team member is easy to read or interpret.
Our newest team member is an open book.Our newest team member is a bit tricky.
Our newest team member is a sly fox.Our newest team member is a bit tricky.
Our newest team member is a sly fox.Our newest team member is easy to read or interpret.
The eagle was as graceful as a gymnast.It was suave.
The eagle was as graceful as a gymnast.It was clumsy.
The eagle was as graceful as a drunk peacock.It was clumsy.
The eagle was as graceful as a drunk peacock.It was suave.
She was as heroic as a firefighter.She was brave.
She was as heroic as a firefighter.She was a coward.
She was as heroic as a scared puppy.She was a coward.
She was as heroic as a scared puppy.She was brave.
He was as dumb as a bowl of lizards.He was stupid.
He was as dumb as a bowl of lizards.He was smart.
He was as dumb as a young einstein.He was smart.
He was as dumb as a young einstein.He was stupid.
The food she cooked is a lion's feast.She has prepared lot of food.
The food she cooked is a lion's feast.She has prepared very minimum food.
The food she cooked is a mouse's feast.She has prepared very minimum food.
The food she cooked is a mouse's feast.She has prepared lot of food.
Her closet is a warehouse.Her closet is full of clothes.
Her closet is a warehouse.Her closet has no clothes.
Her closet is a empty dish.Her closet has no clothes.
Her closet is a empty dish.Her closet is full of clothes.
The seat was as stiff as an old man's back before popping it.The seat was quite stiff.
The seat was as stiff as an old man's back before popping it.The seat was not stiff.
The seat was as stiff as a warm licorice string.The seat was not stiff.
The seat was as stiff as a warm licorice string.The seat was quite stiff.
The food had the texture of toothpaste made of desert sand.The food felt gritty.
The food had the texture of toothpaste made of desert sand.The food felt smooth.
The food had the texture of the shell of an m&m.The food felt smooth.
The food had the texture of the shell of an m&m.The food felt gritty.
Her leg was as hairy as a man's.Her leg was hairy.
Her leg was as hairy as a man's.Her leg was smooth.
Her leg was as hairy as a baby's bottom.Her leg was smooth.
Her leg was as hairy as a baby's bottom.Her leg was hairy.
You have the attention span of a goldfish.Your attention span is low.
You have the attention span of a goldfish.Your attention span is high.
You have the attention span of a surgeon.Your attention span is high.
You have the attention span of a surgeon.Your attention span is low.
This place is as secure as fort knox.It's a very secure place.
This place is as secure as fort knox.It's not secure at all.
This place is as secure as a camping tent.It's not secure at all.
This place is as secure as a camping tent.It's a very secure place.
The man's speed is like that of a hot wheels car.The man is fast.
The man's speed is like that of a hot wheels car.The man is slow.
The man's speed is like that of a rickshaw.The man is slow.
The man's speed is like that of a rickshaw.The man is fast.
The runner crosses the finish line with the energy of a hospital patient.The runner crosses the finish line with no energy.
The runner crosses the finish line with the energy of a hospital patient.The runner crosses the finish line with a lot of energy.
The runner crosses the finish line with the energy of a chihuahua.The runner crosses the finish line with a lot of energy.
The runner crosses the finish line with the energy of a chihuahua.The runner crosses the finish line with no energy.
The girl's facial expression is a birthday party.The girl's facial expression is happy.
The girl's facial expression is a birthday party.The girl's facial expression is sad.
The girl's facial expression is a miscarriage.The girl's facial expression is sad.
The girl's facial expression is a miscarriage.The girl's facial expression is happy.
Her feet were no different than a skunk.Her feet were very smelly.
Her feet were no different than a skunk.Her feet were well taken care of and smooth.
Her feet were no different than those of a baby.Her feet were well taken care of and smooth.
Her feet were no different than those of a baby.Her feet were very smelly.
The massager's hands were no different than those of a construction worker.The massager's hands were rough.
The massager's hands were no different than those of a construction worker.The massager's hands were very soft.
The massager's hands were like ones of an angel.The massager's hands were very soft.
The massager's hands were like ones of an angel.The massager's hands were rough.
Our tent was swiss cheese at that point.The tent was full of holes.
Our tent was swiss cheese at that point.The tent was still resilient.
Our tent was still standing as a house.The tent was still resilient.
Our tent was still standing as a house.The tent was full of holes.
Her hair was as soft to the touch as dandelion fuzz.The hair was soft.
Her hair was as soft to the touch as dandelion fuzz.The hair was rough.
Her hair was as soft to the touch as running your hands over thorns on branches.The hair was rough.
Her hair was as soft to the touch as running your hands over thorns on branches.The hair was soft.
My foot feels like it has stones in it.My foot feels heavy.
My foot feels like it has stones in it.My foot feels lightweight.
My foot feels like it is full of air.My foot feels lightweight.
My foot feels like it is full of air.My foot feels heavy.
It was like being touched by a stick with lava.It was really hot.
It was like being touched by a stick with lava.It was really cold.
It was like being touched by an iceberg.It was really cold.
It was like being touched by an iceberg.It was really hot.
That company is as reliable as the sunrise.The company is extremely reliable.
That company is as reliable as the sunrise.The company is not at all reliable.
That company is as reliable as a politian.The company is not at all reliable.
That company is as reliable as a politian.The company is extremely reliable.
His foot was as itchy as a blanket with fleas.It was very itchy.
His foot was as itchy as a blanket with fleas.It was comfortable.
His foot was as itchy as freshly washed clothes.It was comfortable.
His foot was as itchy as freshly washed clothes.It was very itchy.
The bag was as empty as a vacant house.It had nothing in it.
The bag was as empty as a vacant house.It was full.
The bag was as empty as a take home bag at a buffet.It was full.
The bag was as empty as a take home bag at a buffet.It had nothing in it.
The painting was as unfinished as the war on poverty.It is still ongoing.
The painting was as unfinished as the war on poverty.It is over.
The painting was as unfinished as the trump presidency.It is over.
The painting was as unfinished as the trump presidency.It is still ongoing.
The person is as sharp as a tack.The person is smart.
The person is as sharp as a tack.The person is stupid.
The person is as sharp as a baseball.The person is stupid.
The person is as sharp as a baseball.The person is smart.
The person is a night owl.The person stays up late.
The person is a night owl.The person gets up early.
The person is a early bird.The person gets up early.
The person is a early bird.The person stays up late.
The person is a brick wall.Nothing gets by the person.
The person is a brick wall.Everything gets by the person.
The person is a sieve.Everything gets by the person.
The person is a sieve.Nothing gets by the person.
The chair is cement.The chair is hard.
The chair is cement.The chair is soft.
The chair is a marshmallow.The chair is soft.
The chair is a marshmallow.The chair is hard.
The employee is a shark.The employee is ruthless.
The employee is a shark.The employee is timid.
The employee is a mouse.The employee is timid.
The employee is a mouse.The employee is ruthless.
Joe is like a twig.Joe is small.
Joe is like a twig.Joe is big.
Joe is like a tree.Joe is big.
Joe is like a tree.Joe is small.
This is as challenging as the olympics.This is challenging.
This is as challenging as the olympics.This is easy.
This is as challenging as hop skotch.This is easy.
This is as challenging as hop skotch.This is challenging.
You're as kind as a mother.You're kind.
You're as kind as a mother.You're cruel.
You're as kind as a monster.You're cruel.
You're as kind as a monster.You're kind.
You're as coordinated as a dancer.You're coordinated.
You're as coordinated as a dancer.You're uncoordinated.
You're as coordinated as a drunk.You're uncoordinated.
You're as coordinated as a drunk.You're coordinated.
The weather is a firecracker.The weather is very hot.
The weather is a firecracker.The weather is very cold.
The weather is a popsicle.The weather is very cold.
The weather is a popsicle.The weather is very hot.
The student is a bulldog.The student is hardworking.
The student is a bulldog.The student is lazy.
The student is a sloth.The student is lazy.
The student is a sloth.The student is hardworking.
The toddler is a dragon.The toddler is very aggressive.
The toddler is a dragon.The toddler is very demure.
The toddler is a kitten.The toddler is very demure.
The toddler is a kitten.The toddler is very aggressive.
The dresser was as large as a house.The dresser was large.
The dresser was as large as a house.The dresser was small.
The dresser was as large as a candy bar.The dresser was small.
The dresser was as large as a candy bar.The dresser was large.
The song was beautiful like a violin.The song was beautiful.
The song was beautiful like a violin.The song was not beautiful.
The song was beautiful like a screeching owl.The song was not beautiful.
The song was beautiful like a screeching owl.The song was beautiful.
The perfume smelled like garbage.The perfume smelled bad.
The perfume smelled like garbage.The perfume smelled good.
The perfume smelled like a lavender bush.The perfume smelled good.
The perfume smelled like a lavender bush.The perfume smelled bad.
The fries were as crispy as potato chips.They were crunchy.
The fries were as crispy as potato chips.They were soggy.
The fries were as crispy as old spinach.They were soggy.
The fries were as crispy as old spinach.They were crunchy.
The chicken was as tasty as a chef's special.It was great.
The chicken was as tasty as a chef's special.It was terrible.
The chicken was as tasty as a five year old's cooking.It was terrible.
The chicken was as tasty as a five year old's cooking.It was great.
The team was as successful as bill gates.They were great at what they did.
The team was as successful as bill gates.They were failures.
The team was as successful as al bundy.They were failures.
The team was as successful as al bundy.They were great at what they did.
This interview is stepping on the up escalator.The interview is an important career step.
This interview is stepping on the up escalator.The interview is unimportant.
This interview is just another shrimp in the net.The interview is unimportant.
This interview is just another shrimp in the net.The interview is an important career step.
That man is a formula one racer.That man is fast.
That man is a formula one racer.That man is slow.
That man is a go-cart with only one wheel turning.That man is slow.
That man is a go-cart with only one wheel turning.That man is fast.
The report has the importance of a prank call.The report is insignificant.
The report has the importance of a prank call.The report is very important.
The report has the importance of the u.s. constitution.The report is very important.
The report has the importance of the u.s. constitution.The report is insignificant.
The singing has the clarity of a badly scratched vinyl record.The singing is very distorted.
The singing has the clarity of a badly scratched vinyl record.The singing is rich and clear.
The singing has the clarity of angels singing from on high.The singing is rich and clear.
The singing has the clarity of angels singing from on high.The singing is very distorted.
The land has the fertility of a hundred year-old spayed cat.The land is not fertile.
The land has the fertility of a hundred year-old spayed cat.The land is very fertile.
The land has the fertility of a brood sow in heat.The land is very fertile.
The land has the fertility of a brood sow in heat.The land is not fertile.
Your arms are like iron bars.Your arms are strong.
Your arms are like iron bars.Your arms are weak.
Your arms are like toothpicks.Your arms are weak.
Your arms are like toothpicks.Your arms are strong.
I'm as wordy as a dictionary.I'm wordy.
I'm as wordy as a dictionary.I'm not wordy.
I'm as wordy as a silent movie.I'm not wordy.
I'm as wordy as a silent movie.I'm wordy.
My fingernails are as strong as steel.My fingernails do not break easily.
My fingernails are as strong as steel.My fingernails break easily.
My fingernails are as strong as crackers.My fingernails break easily.
My fingernails are as strong as crackers.My fingernails do not break easily.
Her hair is like chinchilla fur.Her hair feels very soft.
Her hair is like chinchilla fur.Her hair feels very rough.
Her hair is like a wire brush.Her hair feels very rough.
Her hair is like a wire brush.Her hair feels very soft.
Her hands are soft as silk.Her hands are very soft.
Her hands are soft as silk.Her hands are very rough.
Her hands are soft as alligator skin.Her hands are very rough.
Her hands are soft as alligator skin.Her hands are very soft.
She was wordy like a book.She was very wordy.
She was wordy like a book.She wasn't wordy at all.
She was wordy like a tweet.She wasn't wordy at all.
She was wordy like a tweet.She was very wordy.
She was tall like a dwarf.She was short.
She was tall like a dwarf.She was very tall.
She was tall like a giant.She was very tall.
She was tall like a giant.She was short.
This child is built like the next olympic athlete.The child is fit.
This child is built like the next olympic athlete.The child is fat.
This child is built like a couch potato.The child is fat.
This child is built like a couch potato.The child is fit.
The boy works with the strength of a mule plowing the field.The boy is strong.
The boy works with the strength of a mule plowing the field.The boy is weak.
The boy works with the strength of chihuahua on a couch.The boy is weak.
The boy works with the strength of chihuahua on a couch.The boy is strong.
The broadway show had the intrigue of a mysterious novel that i wanted to read forever.The broadway show was fascinating to watch.
The broadway show had the intrigue of a mysterious novel that i wanted to read forever.The broadway show was uninteresting.
The broadway show had the intrigue of the typical hollywood film that has a predictable ending.The broadway show was uninteresting.
The broadway show had the intrigue of the typical hollywood film that has a predictable ending.The broadway show was fascinating to watch.
The bank document had the importance of news coverage on election night.The document was very important.
The bank document had the importance of news coverage on election night.The document was trivial.
The bank document had the importance of news coverage at the local zoo.The document was trivial.
The bank document had the importance of news coverage at the local zoo.The document was very important.
His explanation provided the clarity of freshwater in a clear glass.She gained much clarity.
His explanation provided the clarity of freshwater in a clear glass.There was no additional clarity.
His explanation provided the clarity of soda in a plastic cup.There was no additional clarity.
His explanation provided the clarity of soda in a plastic cup.She gained much clarity.
This land is a king's yard.The land is beautiful.
This land is a king's yard.The land is ugly.
This land is a pig's bed.The land is ugly.
This land is a pig's bed.The land is beautiful.
The hiring pool in academia is essentially a kiddie pool.There are a lot of potential hiring candidates in academia.
The hiring pool in academia is essentially a kiddie pool.There are not that many potential hiring candidates in academia.
The hiring pool in academia is essentially an ocean.There are not that many potential hiring candidates in academia.
The hiring pool in academia is essentially an ocean.There are a lot of potential hiring candidates in academia.
That painting evokes a feeling of warmth.The painting uses warm colors, such as red.
That painting evokes a feeling of warmth.The painting uses cold colors, such as blue.
That painting evokes a feeling of chills.The painting uses cold colors, such as blue.
That painting evokes a feeling of chills.The painting uses warm colors, such as red.
That scent reminds me of my grandmother's cooking.The scent smells good.
That scent reminds me of my grandmother's cooking.The scent smells bad.
That scent reminds me of my garbage disposal.The scent smells bad.
That scent reminds me of my garbage disposal.The scent smells good.
The man is as thin as a sheet of paper.The man is very skinny.
The man is as thin as a sheet of paper.The man is fat.
The man is as thin as a redwood tree.The man is fat.
The man is as thin as a redwood tree.The man is very skinny.
That dog is as smart as einstein.That dog is very smart.
That dog is as smart as einstein.That dog is dumb.
That dog is as smart as a baby.That dog is dumb.
That dog is as smart as a baby.That dog is very smart.
The academic was a cherry.He was at the top of his academic field.
The academic was a cherry.He was at the bottom of his academic field.
The academic was a pinned tail.He was at the bottom of his academic field.
The academic was a pinned tail.He was at the top of his academic field.
The stack of paper is a law book.There's a lot of paper in this stack.
The stack of paper is a law book.There's not much paper in this stack.
The stack of paper is a poor man's plate.There's not much paper in this stack.
The stack of paper is a poor man's plate.There's a lot of paper in this stack.
His smile was a hand on my shoulder.His smile was encouraging.
His smile was a hand on my shoulder.His smile was threatening.
His smile was a hand on my throat.His smile was threatening.
His smile was a hand on my throat.His smile was encouraging.
Their affair had the lifespan of a fly.Their affair was short-lived.
Their affair had the lifespan of a fly.Their affair was long-lasting.
Their affair had the lifespan of the planets.Their affair was long-lasting.
Their affair had the lifespan of the planets.Their affair was short-lived.
The house had the stability of jenga.The house was unstable.
The house had the stability of jenga.The house was stable.
The house had the stability of a mountain.The house was stable.
The house had the stability of a mountain.The house was unstable.
It was as known as the news.It was well known.
It was as known as the news.It wasn't known at all.
It was as known as a secret.It wasn't known at all.
It was as known as a secret.It was well known.
It was reflective like foil.It was very reflective.
It was reflective like foil.It wasn't reflective.
It was reflective like cardboard.It wasn't reflective.
It was reflective like cardboard.It was very reflective.
The mashed potatoes have the consistency of silk used for royal garments.The mashed potatoes are smooth.
The mashed potatoes have the consistency of silk used for royal garments.The mashed potatoes are lumpy.
The mashed potatoes have the consistency of sheep brains.The mashed potatoes are lumpy.
The mashed potatoes have the consistency of sheep brains.The mashed potatoes are smooth.
The woman is as helpful as an emergency medical technician.The woman was very helpful.
The woman is as helpful as an emergency medical technician.The woman was not helpful.
The woman is as helpful as a sack of sand.The woman was not helpful.
The woman is as helpful as a sack of sand.The woman was very helpful.
The movie had as many twists and turns as a sailor's knot.The movie's plot was twisted.
The movie had as many twists and turns as a sailor's knot.The movie's plot was straightforward.
The movie had as many twists and turns as a beanstalk.The movie's plot was straightforward.
The movie had as many twists and turns as a beanstalk.The movie's plot was twisted.
Talking to the man was a maze.The man was hard to talk to.
Talking to the man was a maze.Talking to the man was easy.
Talking to the man was a freeway.Talking to the man was easy.
Talking to the man was a freeway.The man was hard to talk to.
His arms are boulders.He has large arm muscles.
His arms are boulders.He has small arm muscles.
His arms are pebbles.He has small arm muscles.
His arms are pebbles.He has large arm muscles.
Her house is a pigsty.The house is dirty.
Her house is a pigsty.The house is clean.
Her house is a five star hotel.The house is clean.
Her house is a five star hotel.The house is dirty.
He should be cooking for gordon ramsay.His cooking is good.
He should be cooking for gordon ramsay.His cooking is bad.
He should be cooking for mcdonalds.His cooking is bad.
He should be cooking for mcdonalds.His cooking is good.
The scientist's credentials are that of a flunked-out kindergartener.The scientist has lousy credentials.
The scientist's credentials are that of a flunked-out kindergartener.The scientist has impeccable credentials.
The scientist's credentials are that of albert einstein on steroids.The scientist has impeccable credentials.
The scientist's credentials are that of albert einstein on steroids.The scientist has lousy credentials.
The car has the horsepower and acceleration of a snail on pain killers.The car is not powerful and has very slow acceleration.
The car has the horsepower and acceleration of a snail on pain killers.The car has a lot of power and great acceleration.
The car has the horsepower and acceleration of a saturn v main booster rocket.The car has a lot of power and great acceleration.
The car has the horsepower and acceleration of a saturn v main booster rocket.The car is not powerful and has very slow acceleration.
The home's value has the appreciation characteristics of a rotting shack in the woods.The home's value is going down rapidly.
The home's value has the appreciation characteristics of a rotting shack in the woods.The home is appreciating well.
The home's value has the appreciation characteristics of a palace in a booming economy.The home is appreciating well.
The home's value has the appreciation characteristics of a palace in a booming economy.The home's value is going down rapidly.
The car looked like it was fresh out of a tornado.The car looked damaged.
The car looked like it was fresh out of a tornado.The car looked brand new.
The car looked like it was fresh out of a factory.The car looked brand new.
The car looked like it was fresh out of a factory.The car looked damaged.
The keyboard clicks sounded like a symphony.The keyboard clicks sounded good.
The keyboard clicks sounded like a symphony.The keyboard clicks sounded bad.
The keyboard clicks sounded like a million screaming babies.The keyboard clicks sounded bad.
The keyboard clicks sounded like a million screaming babies.The keyboard clicks sounded good.
Science is a poison.Science harms people.
Science is a poison.Science nourishes people mentally.
Science is chicken soup for the soul.Science nourishes people mentally.
Science is chicken soup for the soul.Science harms people.
The car was a cow.The car moved poorly.
The car was a cow.The car moved well.
The car was a stallion.The car moved well.
The car was a stallion.The car moved poorly.
Values are a society's foundation.Values form the basis of society.
Values are a society's foundation.Values are built by society.
Values are a society's monument.Values are built by society.
Values are a society's monument.Values form the basis of society.
He had the morals of a snake.He had no morals.
He had the morals of a snake.He had great morals.
He had the morals of mother teresa.He had great morals.
He had the morals of mother teresa.He had no morals.
He had the strength of the rock.He was strong.
He had the strength of the rock.He was weak.
He had the strength of pee wee herman.He was weak.
He had the strength of pee wee herman.He was strong.
The car was as fast as a thief at walmart.It was quick.
The car was as fast as a thief at walmart.It was slow.
The car was as fast as a turtle with brakes.It was slow.
The car was as fast as a turtle with brakes.It was quick.
The lemonade was as sweet as a preschool teacher.It was filled with sugar.
The lemonade was as sweet as a preschool teacher.It was nasty.
The lemonade was as sweet as a jar of liver juice.It was nasty.
The lemonade was as sweet as a jar of liver juice.It was filled with sugar.
The meal has all the flavor of tap water.The meal is bland.
The meal has all the flavor of tap water.The meal is flavorful.
The meal has all the flavor of a precious tea.The meal is flavorful.
The meal has all the flavor of a precious tea.The meal is bland.
He treats his possessions like they're the crown jewels.He cares about his belongings.
He treats his possessions like they're the crown jewels.He doesn't care about his belongings.
He treats his possessions like they're yesterday's newspaper.He doesn't care about his belongings.
He treats his possessions like they're yesterday's newspaper.He cares about his belongings.
Going to his house is like being on an episode of hoarders.His home is a subpar.
Going to his house is like being on an episode of hoarders.His home is a superb.
Going to his house is like being on an episode of dynasty.His home is a superb.
Going to his house is like being on an episode of dynasty.His home is a subpar.
Sensitivity is a razor.Sensitivity can cut deep emotionally.
Sensitivity is a razor.Sensitivity can comfort.
Sensitivity is a blanket.Sensitivity can comfort.
Sensitivity is a blanket.Sensitivity can cut deep emotionally.
Fear is a cliff.Fear presents a treacherous obstacle.
Fear is a cliff.Fear can be overcome if one is open to change.
Fear is a door.Fear can be overcome if one is open to change.
Fear is a door.Fear presents a treacherous obstacle.
Self-control is a rock.Self-control cannot be easily moved.
Self-control is a rock.Self-control can be swayed with a breeze.
Self-control is a feather.Self-control can be swayed with a breeze.
Self-control is a feather.Self-control cannot be easily moved.
The giant size was a big as as a tea bag.The giant size was not big.
The giant size was a big as as a tea bag.The giant size was big.
The giant size was a big as as a hot air balloon.The giant size was big.
The giant size was a big as as a hot air balloon.The giant size was not big.
The atmosphere in the classroom was as thick as mud.The atmosphere in the classroom was unpleasant.
The atmosphere in the classroom was as thick as mud.The atmosphere in the classroom was pleasant.
The atmosphere in the classroom was as lighthearted as a circus.The atmosphere in the classroom was pleasant.
The atmosphere in the classroom was as lighthearted as a circus.The atmosphere in the classroom was unpleasant.
His mind was an empty closet.His mind was clear.
His mind was an empty closet.His mind was full.
His mind was a full wardrobe.His mind was full.
His mind was a full wardrobe.His mind was clear.
The atmosphere in the room after the argument was similar to the super bowl losing team locker room.Everyone in the room seems sad.
The atmosphere in the room after the argument was similar to the super bowl losing team locker room.Everyone was laughing.
The atmosphere in the room after the argument was similar to the super bowl winning team locker room.Everyone was laughing.
The atmosphere in the room after the argument was similar to the super bowl winning team locker room.Everyone in the room seems sad.
Their love was as real as the existence of the sky.Their love was genuine.
Their love was as real as the existence of the sky.Their love was not genuine.
Their love was as real as a unicorn.Their love was not genuine.
Their love was as real as a unicorn.Their love was genuine.
The dessert was as sweet as coca-cola slushee.The dessert was really sweet.
The dessert was as sweet as coca-cola slushee.The dessert was bland and not sweet.
The dessert was as sweet as an irish potato.The dessert was bland and not sweet.
The dessert was as sweet as an irish potato.The dessert was really sweet.
The theme park tickets costed a kidney.The tickets were expensive.
The theme park tickets costed a kidney.The tickets were cheap.
The theme park tickets costed a gumball.The tickets were cheap.
The theme park tickets costed a gumball.The tickets were expensive.
The parking reminded me of a shoppers during black friday.The parking was packed.
The parking reminded me of a shoppers during black friday.The parking was not packed.
The parking reminded me of a library at midnight.The parking was not packed.
The parking reminded me of a library at midnight.The parking was packed.
The suns rays were laser beams.The suns rays were bright.
The suns rays were laser beams.The suns rays were not bright.
The suns rays were a candle's flickering flame.The suns rays were not bright.
The suns rays were a candle's flickering flame.The suns rays were bright.
That hockey player is a beast.That hockey player is aggressive.
That hockey player is a beast.That hockey player is timid.
That hockey player is a mouse.That hockey player is timid.
That hockey player is a mouse.That hockey player is aggressive.
This test is a bear.This test is really hard.
This test is a bear.This test is really easy.
This test is a walk in the park.This test is really easy.
This test is a walk in the park.This test is really hard.
The child is a doll.The child is well behaved.
The child is a doll.The child isn't well behaved.
The child is a tasmanian devil.The child isn't well behaved.
The child is a tasmanian devil.The child is well behaved.
Sitting on the couch felt like a sack of potatoes under me.The couch was very bumpy and uneven.
Sitting on the couch felt like a sack of potatoes under me.The couch was soft and delightful.
Sitting on the couch felt like sitting on a cloud.The couch was soft and delightful.
Sitting on the couch felt like sitting on a cloud.The couch was very bumpy and uneven.
The wine was like liquid silk.The wine was very smooth tasting.
The wine was like liquid silk.The wine was very bitter.
The wine was like vinegar.The wine was very bitter.
The wine was like vinegar.The wine was very smooth tasting.
The book was as funny as a funeral.The book was lacking any humor.
The book was as funny as a funeral.The book was exciting.
The book was high octane all the way.The book was exciting.
The book was high octane all the way.The book was lacking any humor.
The banana had the yellow of an infected toenail.The banana was very yellow.
The banana had the yellow of an infected toenail.The banana was not very yellow.
The banana had the yellow of an apple tree in full bloom.The banana was not very yellow.
The banana had the yellow of an apple tree in full bloom.The banana was very yellow.
The dough had the squishiness of wet quicksand.The dough was quite squishy.
The dough had the squishiness of wet quicksand.The dough was not squishy.
The dough had the squishiness of super-heated sand.The dough was not squishy.
The dough had the squishiness of super-heated sand.The dough was quite squishy.
It was soft like fleece.It was very soft.
It was soft like fleece.It was rough.
It was soft like a diamond.It was rough.
It was soft like a diamond.It was very soft.
It was thin like paper.It was very thin.
It was thin like paper.It wasn't thin at all.
It was thin like an elephant.It wasn't thin at all.
It was thin like an elephant.It was very thin.
He was hairy like a bear.He was very hairy.
He was hairy like a bear.He wasn't hairy at all.
He was hairy like a naked molerat.He wasn't hairy at all.
He was hairy like a naked molerat.He was very hairy.
The hotel was as centrally located as the north pole.The hotel was not centrally located.
The hotel was as centrally located as the north pole.The hotel was centrally located.
The hotel was as centrally located as times square.The hotel was centrally located.
The hotel was as centrally located as times square.The hotel was not centrally located.
The experience was as good as chocolate ice cream.It was great.
The experience was as good as chocolate ice cream.It was terrible.
The experience was as good as rotten eggs.It was terrible.
The experience was as good as rotten eggs.It was great.
The bus station was as smelly as fresh water.It didn't smell like anything.
The bus station was as smelly as fresh water.It smelled awful.
The bus station was as smelly as a skunk at the dump.It smelled awful.
The bus station was as smelly as a skunk at the dump.It didn't smell like anything.
If her hair was any longer it would be a jump rope.Her hair is long.
If her hair was any longer it would be a jump rope.Her hair is not long.
If her hair was any longer it would be a paintbrush bristle.Her hair is not long.
If her hair was any longer it would be a paintbrush bristle.Her hair is long.
The wife was as good of a cook as a child.The wife was a horrible cook.
The wife was as good of a cook as a child.The wife was a great cook.
The wife was as good of a cook as a michelin star chef.The wife was a great cook.
The wife was as good of a cook as a michelin star chef.The wife was a horrible cook.
The crab pinched as hard as a vice.The crab pinched very hard.
The crab pinched as hard as a vice.The crab had a weak pinch grip.
The crab pinched as hard as a child.The crab had a weak pinch grip.
The crab pinched as hard as a child.The crab pinched very hard.
The fried fish tasted as stale as bread.The fish was old.
The fried fish tasted as stale as bread.The fish was new.
The fried fish tasted as fresh as the ocean.The fish was new.
The fried fish tasted as fresh as the ocean.The fish was old.
His political opinions were as controversial as donald trump at a black lives matters rally.His political opinions were very controversial.
His political opinions were as controversial as donald trump at a black lives matters rally.His political opinions were not controversial at all.
His political opinions were as controversial as frosting on a cake.His political opinions were not controversial at all.
His political opinions were as controversial as frosting on a cake.His political opinions were very controversial.
Her apple pie tasted as good as battery acid.Her apple pie was disgusting.
Her apple pie tasted as good as battery acid.Her apple pie was delicious.
Her apple pie tasted as good as ambrosia; the food of the gods.Her apple pie was delicious.
Her apple pie tasted as good as ambrosia; the food of the gods.Her apple pie was disgusting.
Their love was as strong as crepe paper.Their love was not strong.
Their love was as strong as crepe paper.Their love was strong.
Their love was as strong as titanium.Their love was strong.
Their love was as strong as titanium.Their love was not strong.
The spell was as powerful as an ant.The spell was not powerful.
The spell was as powerful as an ant.The spell was powerful.
The spell was as powerful as a tidal wave.The spell was powerful.
The spell was as powerful as a tidal wave.The spell was not powerful.
The dance was as beautiful as a rusted tire iron.The dance was not very beautiful.
The dance was as beautiful as a rusted tire iron.The dance was very beautiful.
The dance was as beautiful as a sunset over the ocean.The dance was very beautiful.
The dance was as beautiful as a sunset over the ocean.The dance was not very beautiful.
My family has the riches of a saudi king.My family is weathy.
My family has the riches of a saudi king.My family is poor.
My family has the riches of homeless man.My family is poor.
My family has the riches of homeless man.My family is weathy.
This steak has the tenderness of a soft birthday cake.The steak is soft.
This steak has the tenderness of a soft birthday cake.The steak is tough.
This steak has the tenderness of a brick.The steak is tough.
This steak has the tenderness of a brick.The steak is soft.
The man's physical strength is that of a butterfly.The man is weak.
The man's physical strength is that of a butterfly.The man is strong.
The man's physical strength is that of a male lion in his prime.The man is strong.
The man's physical strength is that of a male lion in his prime.The man is weak.
The spell that the witch casts has the power of the wake of a water bug.The spell is weak.
The spell that the witch casts has the power of the wake of a water bug.The spell is strong and powerful.
The spell that the witch casts has the power of a category 5 hurricane.The spell is strong and powerful.
The spell that the witch casts has the power of a category 5 hurricane.The spell is weak.
The dance the natives do is like that of a dizzy duck.The dance is awkward and clumsy.
The dance the natives do is like that of a dizzy duck.The dance is elegant and well-timed.
The dance the natives do is like that of a well-choreographed ballet.The dance is elegant and well-timed.
The dance the natives do is like that of a well-choreographed ballet.The dance is awkward and clumsy.
The show was as exciting as watching your fingernails grow.The show was dull and listless.
The show was as exciting as watching your fingernails grow.The show was intense and thrilling.
The show was as exciting as diving from a high altitude airplane.The show was intense and thrilling.
The show was as exciting as diving from a high altitude airplane.The show was dull and listless.
The biscuit had the density of a neutron star.The biscuit was hard and heavy.
The biscuit had the density of a neutron star.The biscuit was light and fluffy.
The biscuit had the density of a large snowflake.The biscuit was light and fluffy.
The biscuit had the density of a large snowflake.The biscuit was hard and heavy.
The expression on his face was like a steamy, bubbling red hot lava.The expression on his face was angry and enraged.
The expression on his face was like a steamy, bubbling red hot lava.The expression on his face was clam and serene.
The expression on his face was like a pond on a windless day.The expression on his face was clam and serene.
The expression on his face was like a pond on a windless day.The expression on his face was angry and enraged.
The door was as thin as paper.The door was thin.
The door was as thin as paper.The door was thick.
The door was as thin as as a house.The door was thick.
The door was as thin as as a house.The door was thin.
He was as a loud as a firetruck alarm.He was loud.
He was as a loud as a firetruck alarm.He was quiet.
He was as a loud as a mouse.He was quiet.
He was as a loud as a mouse.He was loud.
The football player was a big as an elephant.The football player was large.
The football player was a big as an elephant.The football player was small.
The football player was a big as a mouse.The football player was small.
The football player was a big as a mouse.The football player was large.
The book has the depth of a well.The book is complicated.
The book has the depth of a well.The book is easy to understand.
The book has the depth of a puddle.The book is easy to understand.
The book has the depth of a puddle.The book is complicated.
She has the communication skills of a broken walkie talkie.She can not communicate.
She has the communication skills of a broken walkie talkie.She has strong communication skills.
She has the communication skills of a president.She has strong communication skills.
She has the communication skills of a president.She can not communicate.
The sky is as blue as the grass outside.The sky is not blue at all.
The sky is as blue as the grass outside.The sky is very blue.
The sky is as blue as the reefs off of hawaii.The sky is very blue.
The sky is as blue as the reefs off of hawaii.The sky is not blue at all.
He has the imagination of a playwright.He is very imaginative.
He has the imagination of a playwright.He is not very imaginative.
He has the imagination of a tree.He is not very imaginative.
He has the imagination of a tree.He is very imaginative.
The author's imagination created a book that is as bland as a desert.The author's imagination is lacking and predictable.
The author's imagination created a book that is as bland as a desert.The author's imagination is creative and unpredictable.
The author's imagination created a book that is like a wild ride on a rollercoaster.The author's imagination is creative and unpredictable.
The author's imagination created a book that is like a wild ride on a rollercoaster.The author's imagination is lacking and predictable.
The organization's ability to communicate is like that of a deaf, dumb and blind otter.The organization's communication is poor and limited.
The organization's ability to communicate is like that of a deaf, dumb and blind otter.The organization's communication is good and well spoken.
The organization's ability to communicate is like that of a master storyteller.The organization's communication is good and well spoken.
The organization's ability to communicate is like that of a master storyteller.The organization's communication is poor and limited.
The directions were as easy to follow as a tangled spider web.The directions are bad and hard to follow.
The directions were as easy to follow as a tangled spider web.The directions are good and easy to follow.
The directions were as easy to follow as a well-written recipe.The directions are good and easy to follow.
The directions were as easy to follow as a well-written recipe.The directions are bad and hard to follow.
The toddler was as competitive as an olympic medalist.The toddler was very competitive.
The toddler was as competitive as an olympic medalist.The toddler wasn't competitive at all.
The toddler was as competitive as a turtle.The toddler wasn't competitive at all.
The toddler was as competitive as a turtle.The toddler was very competitive.
The girl's personality was like soda.The girl's personality was bubbly.
The girl's personality was like soda.The girl's personality was plain.
The girl's personality was like water.The girl's personality was plain.
The girl's personality was like water.The girl's personality was bubbly.
The room has the breadth of the sky.The room is wide.
The room has the breadth of the sky.The room is narrow.
The room has the breadth of a pencil.The room is narrow.
The room has the breadth of a pencil.The room is wide.
The music has the melody of a cloud.The music is gentle.
The music has the melody of a cloud.The music is harsh.
The music has the melody of a jackhammer.The music is harsh.
The music has the melody of a jackhammer.The music is gentle.
The scientist had the wealth of a leprechaun.He had a lot of money, particularly in the form of gold.
The scientist had the wealth of a leprechaun.He did not have much money at all.
The scientist had the wealth of a peasant.He did not have much money at all.
The scientist had the wealth of a peasant.He had a lot of money, particularly in the form of gold.
The sky opened up with a concert.There was harmony between the pitter patter of rain and the occasional thunder and lightning.
The sky opened up with a concert.It was thundering very loudly.
The sky opened up with a crash.It was thundering very loudly.
The sky opened up with a crash.There was harmony between the pitter patter of rain and the occasional thunder and lightning.
Trust is a steep cliff.Trust is deep and sometimes harmful.
Trust is a steep cliff.Trust is short and steady.
Trust is a shallow hill.Trust is short and steady.
Trust is a shallow hill.Trust is deep and sometimes harmful.
Chocolate is the devil's candy.Chocolate is addicting.
Chocolate is the devil's candy.Chocolate is delicious.
Chocolate is the gates of heaven.Chocolate is delicious.
Chocolate is the gates of heaven.Chocolate is addicting.
She had the dancing talent of an epileptic gorilla.She had no dancing talent.
She had the dancing talent of an epileptic gorilla.She had professional dancing talent.
She had the dancing talent of a triple-threat broadway star.She had professional dancing talent.
She had the dancing talent of a triple-threat broadway star.She had no dancing talent.
He is as eager to see the school principal as a felon is to see police lights in their rearview mirror.He is not eager to see the school principal.
He is as eager to see the school principal as a felon is to see police lights in their rearview mirror.He is very eager to see the school principal.
He is as eager to see the school principal as an incurable tattletale is to snitch to a parent.He is very eager to see the school principal.
He is as eager to see the school principal as an incurable tattletale is to snitch to a parent.He is not eager to see the school principal.
The book captures ideas of abysmal and ever deepening chasms.The book is profoundly meaningful while perhaps frightening.
The book captures ideas of abysmal and ever deepening chasms.The book is shallow.
The book captures ideas of that which is no vaster than a puddle.The book is shallow.
The book captures ideas of that which is no vaster than a puddle.The book is profoundly meaningful while perhaps frightening.
He holds ideas that maintain a labyrinthian quality throughout.He holds confusing and difficult to grasp ideas.
He holds ideas that maintain a labyrinthian quality throughout.He holds very clear and well structured ideas.
He holds ideas that are formed in a crystalline manner.He holds very clear and well structured ideas.
He holds ideas that are formed in a crystalline manner.He holds confusing and difficult to grasp ideas.
The house near the lake was to him as precious as the first time he held his daughter.The house was priceless to him.
The house near the lake was to him as precious as the first time he held his daughter.The house was junk.
The house near the lake was to him as precious as the car he had that was always breaking down.The house was junk.
The house near the lake was to him as precious as the car he had that was always breaking down.The house was priceless to him.
The family's home was a prison.The family's home was a stranglehold and always demanding of attention and upkeep.
The family's home was a prison.The family's home was a setting of peace and serenity where one recharges.
The family's home was a sanctuary.The family's home was a setting of peace and serenity where one recharges.
The family's home was a sanctuary.The family's home was a stranglehold and always demanding of attention and upkeep.
The man's heart was an iceberg.The man's emotions were immovable and overly stern.
The man's heart was an iceberg.The man's heart could be melted with the softest breeze of bit of warmth.
The man's heart was cotton candy.The man's heart could be melted with the softest breeze of bit of warmth.
The man's heart was cotton candy.The man's emotions were immovable and overly stern.
The gym at this time of day was a parking lot.The gym was near capacity at this hour with everyone exercising before other responsibilities.
The gym at this time of day was a parking lot.The gym was nearly empty as everyone was elsewhere.
The gym at this time of day was a desert.The gym was nearly empty as everyone was elsewhere.
The gym at this time of day was a desert.The gym was near capacity at this hour with everyone exercising before other responsibilities.
The delivery was as substantial as a salt crystal.The delivery was small.
The delivery was as substantial as a salt crystal.The delivery was enormous.
The delivery was as substantial as a landslide.The delivery was enormous.
The delivery was as substantial as a landslide.The delivery was small.
Their marriage is as drab as mud.Their marriage is boring.
Their marriage is as drab as mud.Their marriage is exciting and unexpected.
Their marriage is as drab as an lsd trip.Their marriage is exciting and unexpected.
Their marriage is as drab as an lsd trip.Their marriage is boring.
The manager is as malicious as the joker.The manager purposely causes damage.
The manager is as malicious as the joker.The manager is very tame.
The manager is as malicious as a bunny.The manager is very tame.
The manager is as malicious as a bunny.The manager purposely causes damage.
He is as motivated as a sloth.He is not motivated.
He is as motivated as a sloth.He is very motivated.
He is as motivated as a lioness.He is very motivated.
He is as motivated as a lioness.He is not motivated.
His face is like a warthog.His face is ugly.
His face is like a warthog.His face is beautiful.
His face is like a peacock's backside.His face is beautiful.
His face is like a peacock's backside.His face is ugly.
This job is like ten ingrown toenails.This job is horrible.
This job is like ten ingrown toenails.This job is wonderful.
This job is like getting to kiss your crush.This job is wonderful.
This job is like getting to kiss your crush.This job is horrible.
I have the energy of a bee.I have a lot of energy.
I have the energy of a bee.I have very little energy.
I have the energy of an old woman with a cold.I have very little energy.
I have the energy of an old woman with a cold.I have a lot of energy.
After school the child had the appetitie of a vulture.The child would devour anything available within sight.
After school the child had the appetitie of a vulture.The child would only gnaw and consume small amounts.
After school the child had the appetitie of a mouse.The child would only gnaw and consume small amounts.
After school the child had the appetitie of a mouse.The child would devour anything available within sight.
The game started well but the ending was a pillow fight.The game result wasn't challenge by the soft attempts of a comeback.
The game started well but the ending was a pillow fight.The game result was promising until slamming to a halt.
The game started well but the ending was a car crash.The game result was promising until slamming to a halt.
The game started well but the ending was a car crash.The game result wasn't challenge by the soft attempts of a comeback.
She was as beautiful as a flamingo.She was very beautiful.
She was as beautiful as a flamingo.She was ugly.
She was as beautiful as a pig.She was ugly.
She was as beautiful as a pig.She was very beautiful.
She smelled like a rose.She smelled nice.
She smelled like a rose.She didn't smell good.
She smelled like a skunk.She didn't smell good.
She smelled like a skunk.She smelled nice.
The shoes were as comfortable as wearing cut glass.The shoes were uncomfortable.
The shoes were as comfortable as wearing cut glass.The shoes were comfortable.
The shoes were as comfortable as wearing cotton balls.The shoes were comfortable.
The shoes were as comfortable as wearing cotton balls.The shoes were uncomfortable.
The shirt was as cute as mud.The shirt was ugly.
The shirt was as cute as mud.The shirt was cute.
The shirt was as cute as a baby.The shirt was cute.
The shirt was as cute as a baby.The shirt was ugly.
His face carried a bountiful warmth.His face was joyful.
His face carried a bountiful warmth.His face was upsetting.
His face carried a desolate frigidness.His face was upsetting.
His face carried a desolate frigidness.His face was joyful.
Her creativity peaked at the heights beyond the heavens.She is very creative.
Her creativity peaked at the heights beyond the heavens.She is not creative.
Her creativity peaked at the heights of a hole on the ground.She is not creative.
Her creativity peaked at the heights of a hole on the ground.She is very creative.
His angle on the subject matter was beautifully choreographed.His angle was very well calculated and measured.
His angle on the subject matter was beautifully choreographed.His angle was sloppy.
His angle on the subject matter was flimsily stacked together.His angle was sloppy.
His angle on the subject matter was flimsily stacked together.His angle was very well calculated and measured.
The view looked like a sewage plant.The view was bad.
The view looked like a sewage plant.The view was good.
The view looked like a verdant forest.The view was good.
The view looked like a verdant forest.The view was bad.
His face was that of an old prizefighter.His face was ugly.
His face was that of an old prizefighter.His face was good looking.
His face was that of a movie star.His face was good looking.
His face was that of a movie star.His face was ugly.
I have the discipline of a teenage delinquent.I am not disciplined at all.
I have the discipline of a teenage delinquent.I am very disciplined.
I have the discipline of a tibetan monk.I am very disciplined.
I have the discipline of a tibetan monk.I am not disciplined at all.
The house is as small as a new york city bathroom.The house is very small.
The house is as small as a new york city bathroom.The house is very large.
The house is as small as a high school gymnasium.The house is very large.
The house is as small as a high school gymnasium.The house is very small.
Today is going as slow as a dentist's appointment.Today seems like it is taking forever.
Today is going as slow as a dentist's appointment.Today is going very fast.
Today is going as slow as a lion chasing her prey.Today is going very fast.
Today is going as slow as a lion chasing her prey.Today seems like it is taking forever.
He was independent like a sheep.He was dependent.
He was independent like a sheep.He was independent.
He was independent like a wolf.He was independent.
He was independent like a wolf.He was dependent.
He was feeble like a weightlifter.He wasn't feeble.
He was feeble like a weightlifter.He was very feeble.
He was feeble like a patient.He was very feeble.
He was feeble like a patient.He wasn't feeble.
The house had the messiness of a toddler's art project.The house was a mess.
The house had the messiness of a toddler's art project.The house was neat.
The house had the messiness of a drill sergeant.The house was neat.
The house had the messiness of a drill sergeant.The house was a mess.
The atmosphere of the classroom was like that of the military barracks.The atmosphere of the classroom was serious.
The atmosphere of the classroom was like that of the military barracks.The atmosphere of the classroom was jovial.
The atmosphere of the classroom was like that of a wedding reception.The atmosphere of the classroom was jovial.
The atmosphere of the classroom was like that of a wedding reception.The atmosphere of the classroom was serious.
The man's facial expression had the brightness of a jack-o-lantern.The man's facial expression was bright.
The man's facial expression had the brightness of a jack-o-lantern.The man's facial expression was dull.
The man's facial expression had the brightness of a piece of lead.The man's facial expression was dull.
The man's facial expression had the brightness of a piece of lead.The man's facial expression was bright.
He has an intellect akin to a vacant lot.He is not very smart and has an intellect to be pitied.
He has an intellect akin to a vacant lot.He is very smart and has an intimidating intellect.
He has an intellect akin to a fortress.He is very smart and has an intimidating intellect.
He has an intellect akin to a fortress.He is not very smart and has an intellect to be pitied.
His test scores were as high as a tower.He got very high scores on the tests.
His test scores were as high as a tower.He got very low scores on the tests.
His test scores were as high as an ant hill.He got very low scores on the tests.
His test scores were as high as an ant hill.He got very high scores on the tests.
The hallway was as crowded as a private beach.The hallway was not crowded at all.
The hallway was as crowded as a private beach.The hallway was very crowded.
The hallway was as crowded as a public bus at rush hour.The hallway was very crowded.
The hallway was as crowded as a public bus at rush hour.The hallway was not crowded at all.
The beach at the rented house was as private as the bathroom in your home.The bathroom provided a lot of privacy.
The beach at the rented house was as private as the bathroom in your home.The bathroom provided very little privacy.
The beach at the rented house was as private as frosted glass public stalls.The bathroom provided very little privacy.
The beach at the rented house was as private as frosted glass public stalls.The bathroom provided a lot of privacy.
The explanation had the tact of a piece of cement.The explanation lacked sincerity.
The explanation had the tact of a piece of cement.The explanation was nobly offered.
The explanation had the tact of the eloquence of royal courts.The explanation was nobly offered.
The explanation had the tact of the eloquence of royal courts.The explanation lacked sincerity.
That person is as trustworthy as thin ice.It's not reliable.
That person is as trustworthy as thin ice.It's reliable.
That person is as trustworthy as a honda civic.It's reliable.
That person is as trustworthy as a honda civic.It's not reliable.
The song makes him see the light.The song brings hope.
The song makes him see the light.The song brings memories of pain.
The song makes him wander in dark.The song brings memories of pain.
The song makes him wander in dark.The song brings hope.
Her skin has the texture of a boiled egg.She has smooth skin.
Her skin has the texture of a boiled egg.She has rough skin.
Her skin has the texture of bark.She has rough skin.
Her skin has the texture of bark.She has smooth skin.
The political candidate has all of the charisma of a school bus fire.The political candidate is a sad disaster.
The political candidate has all of the charisma of a school bus fire.The political candidate is charming and smooth.
The political candidate has all of the charisma of james dean.The political candidate is charming and smooth.
The political candidate has all of the charisma of james dean.The political candidate is a sad disaster.
You've got the grace of a ballerina.You're graceful.
You've got the grace of a ballerina.You're graceless.
You've got the grace of a headless chicken.You're graceless.
You've got the grace of a headless chicken.You're graceful.
The idea was a breath of fresh air.The idea was inspiring.
The idea was a breath of fresh air.The idea was poor in quality.
The idea was more dull than a butter knife.The idea was poor in quality.
The idea was more dull than a butter knife.The idea was inspiring.
That food is as cheap as a bus ride.It's pretty cheap.
That food is as cheap as a bus ride.It's not cheap at all.
That food is as cheap as an iphone.It's not cheap at all.
That food is as cheap as an iphone.It's pretty cheap.
His wife has the temper of a tiger.His wife is rude.
His wife has the temper of a tiger.His wife is gentle.
His wife has the temper of a sheep.His wife is gentle.
His wife has the temper of a sheep.His wife is rude.
The restaurant smelt like ancient urns of buried spice.The restaurant smelt old and aged.
The restaurant smelt like ancient urns of buried spice.The restaurant smelt great and alive.
The restaurant smelt like the cologne of a god.The restaurant smelt great and alive.
The restaurant smelt like the cologne of a god.The restaurant smelt old and aged.
Today's as fun as a party.Today is fun.
Today's as fun as a party.Today is not fun.
Today's as fun as a funeral.Today is not fun.
Today's as fun as a funeral.Today is fun.
The connection is as fast as lightning.The connection is fast.
The connection is as fast as lightning.The connection is not fast.
The connection is as fast as a slug.The connection is not fast.
The connection is as fast as a slug.The connection is fast.
The boxer has the strength of a bull.The boxer is strong.
The boxer has the strength of a bull.The boxer is weak.
The boxer has the strength of a kitten.The boxer is weak.
The boxer has the strength of a kitten.The boxer is strong.
He was as sharp as a plastic butter knife.He was lacking in intelligence.
He was as sharp as a plastic butter knife.He was smart and thoughtful.
He was as sharp as an oldtimer pocket knife.He was smart and thoughtful.
He was as sharp as an oldtimer pocket knife.He was lacking in intelligence.
The car ran as well as a swiss watch.The car ran well.
The car ran as well as a swiss watch.The car ran badly.
The car ran as well as rusted can opener.The car ran badly.
The car ran as well as rusted can opener.The car ran well.
That's as useful as a buying gas for a tesla car.It has no use.
That's as useful as a buying gas for a tesla car.It has plenty of use.
That's as useful as a a bank account.It has plenty of use.
That's as useful as a a bank account.It has no use.
He's as clean as fresh linens.He's very clean.
He's as clean as fresh linens.He's very filthy.
He's as clean as the sewer.He's very filthy.
He's as clean as the sewer.He's very clean.
This wallet is as thick as a phone book.The wallet is very thick.
This wallet is as thick as a phone book.The wallet is very thin.
This wallet is as thick as a wafer.The wallet is very thin.
This wallet is as thick as a wafer.The wallet is very thick.
She was as rational as a sociopath.She was not rational.
She was as rational as a sociopath.She was rational.
She was as rational as a super-computer.She was rational.
She was as rational as a super-computer.She was not rational.
Time is a shooting star.Time flies.
Time is a shooting star.Time drags on.
Time is a sloth.Time drags on.
Time is a sloth.Time flies.
It has the control of a rampaging bull.It cannot be controlled.
It has the control of a rampaging bull.It's easily controlled.
It has the control of leashed puppy.It's easily controlled.
It has the control of leashed puppy.It cannot be controlled.
He's as rational as a scientist.He's very rational.
He's as rational as a scientist.He's very irrational.
He's as rational as a madman.He's very irrational.
He's as rational as a madman.He's very rational.
The rabbit's fur had the whiteness of a brand new pair of socks.The rabbit had very white fur.
The rabbit's fur had the whiteness of a brand new pair of socks.The rabbit's fur wasn't that white.
The rabbit's fur had the whiteness of a pair of socks after having been worn for 6 months.The rabbit's fur wasn't that white.
The rabbit's fur had the whiteness of a pair of socks after having been worn for 6 months.The rabbit had very white fur.
This computer is as reliable as old faithful.The computer is very reliable.
This computer is as reliable as old faithful.The computer is very unreliable.
This computer is as reliable as an old jalopy.The computer is very unreliable.
This computer is as reliable as an old jalopy.The computer is very reliable.
The weather was like a smack in the mouth.The weather was bad.
The weather was like a smack in the mouth.The weather was good.
The weather was like a butterfly's kiss.The weather was good.
The weather was like a butterfly's kiss.The weather was bad.
The child's future is as bright as the sun.The child's future is optimistic.
The child's future is as bright as the sun.The child's future is pessimistic.
The child's future is as bright as a dim light.The child's future is pessimistic.
The child's future is as bright as a dim light.The child's future is optimistic.
He's as fat as a whale.He's fat.
He's as fat as a whale.He's really thin.
He's as fat as a stick.He's really thin.
He's as fat as a stick.He's fat.
Her teeth had the cleanliness of a kitchen cleaned by someone with ocd.Her teeth were very clean.
Her teeth had the cleanliness of a kitchen cleaned by someone with ocd.Her teeth were filthy.
Her teeth had the cleanliness of a backed up septic system.Her teeth were filthy.
Her teeth had the cleanliness of a backed up septic system.Her teeth were very clean.
This puzzle is as difficult as walking down the street.The puzzle is very simple.
This puzzle is as difficult as walking down the street.The puzzle is very difficult.
This puzzle is as difficult as juggling blindfolded.The puzzle is very difficult.
This puzzle is as difficult as juggling blindfolded.The puzzle is very simple.
While watching the movie, the emotion in the theatre was that of a cold stone.The emotion in the theatre is nonexistent.
While watching the movie, the emotion in the theatre was that of a cold stone.The emotion in the theatre was at a high level.
While watching the movie, the emotion in the theatre was that of a very popular person's funeral.The emotion in the theatre was at a high level.
While watching the movie, the emotion in the theatre was that of a very popular person's funeral.The emotion in the theatre is nonexistent.
The salesman was a smooth as sand paper.The salesman was bad at his job.
The salesman was a smooth as sand paper.The salesman was good at his job.
The salesman was a smooth as silk.The salesman was good at his job.
The salesman was a smooth as silk.The salesman was bad at his job.
He is as smart as a jackal.He is smart.
He is as smart as a jackal.He is dumb.
He is as smart as a turtle.He is dumb.
He is as smart as a turtle.He is smart.
The emotions were finally sailing off.The emotions were calming down.
The emotions were finally sailing off.The emotions were coming on strong.
The emotions were precipitating like a storm.The emotions were coming on strong.
The emotions were precipitating like a storm.The emotions were calming down.
Your about as trustworthy as a criminal.You can't be trusted.
Your about as trustworthy as a criminal.You can always be trusted.
Your about as trustworthy as an angel from heaven.You can always be trusted.
Your about as trustworthy as an angel from heaven.You can't be trusted.
She had the vocabulary of a sailor.She is crude.
She had the vocabulary of a sailor.She is proper.
She had the vocabulary of royalty.She is proper.
She had the vocabulary of royalty.She is crude.
This pizza has the exquisite flavor of ambrosia.The pizza tastes great.
This pizza has the exquisite flavor of ambrosia.The pizza tastes horrible.
This pizza has the exquisite flavor of cardboard.The pizza tastes horrible.
This pizza has the exquisite flavor of cardboard.The pizza tastes great.
The boy is climbing up the ladder like a monkey.The boy is climbing up fast.
The boy is climbing up the ladder like a monkey.The boy is climbing up slowly.
The boy is climbing up the ladder like a sloth.The boy is climbing up slowly.
The boy is climbing up the ladder like a sloth.The boy is climbing up fast.
The airplane climbs like a turtle loaded with lead.The airplane climbs poorly.
The airplane climbs like a turtle loaded with lead.The airplane climbs well.
The airplane climbs like a chimp on steroids.The airplane climbs well.
The airplane climbs like a chimp on steroids.The airplane climbs poorly.
The ferrari roared like a tiger.The engine sounds strong.
The ferrari roared like a tiger.The engine sounds meek.
The ferrari roared like a kitten.The engine sounds meek.
The ferrari roared like a kitten.The engine sounds strong.
She is as pretty as a waterfall.She is pretty.
She is as pretty as a waterfall.She is not pretty.
She is as pretty as a puddle.She is not pretty.
She is as pretty as a puddle.She is pretty.
You're as emotional as an actor.You're emotional.
You're as emotional as an actor.You're unemotional.
You're as emotional as a robot.You're unemotional.
You're as emotional as a robot.You're emotional.
The dreams that night were amorphous amalgamations.The dreams were nightmarish.
The dreams that night were amorphous amalgamations.The dreams were peaceful.
The dreams that night were a haven of stillness.The dreams were peaceful.
The dreams that night were a haven of stillness.The dreams were nightmarish.
This man tries as hard as a couch potato.The man doesn't try hard at all.
This man tries as hard as a couch potato.The man tries really hard.
This man tries as hard as an olympic athlete.The man tries really hard.
This man tries as hard as an olympic athlete.The man doesn't try hard at all.
She was sitting on a winning ticket.She has encountered a good opportunity.
She was sitting on a winning ticket.She has encountered misfortune.
She was sitting on a ticking time-bomb.She has encountered misfortune.
She was sitting on a ticking time-bomb.She has encountered a good opportunity.
You're hot as a fireball.You're hot.
You're hot as a fireball.You're cold.
You're hot as an iceberg.You're cold.
You're hot as an iceberg.You're hot.
You're as bright as the sun.You're very bright.
You're as bright as the sun.You're not bright at all.
You're as bright as a black hole.You're not bright at all.
You're as bright as a black hole.You're very bright.
The baby cried as hard as a storm on jupiter.The baby cried hard.
The baby cried as hard as a storm on jupiter.The baby hardly cried.
The baby cried as hard as a butterfly flapping a broken wing.The baby hardly cried.
The baby cried as hard as a butterfly flapping a broken wing.The baby cried hard.
That's as dangerous as a kitten.It's not dangerous at all.
That's as dangerous as a kitten.It's very dangerous.
That's as dangerous as double edged sword.It's very dangerous.
That's as dangerous as double edged sword.It's not dangerous at all.
He had the width of a superhighway.He was wide.
He had the width of a superhighway.He was narrow/slim.
He had the width of a fork tine.He was narrow/slim.
He had the width of a fork tine.He was wide.
Her waist has the width of a bee's mid-section.She has a small waist.
Her waist has the width of a bee's mid-section.She has a big waist.
Her waist has the width of a tire.She has a big waist.
Her waist has the width of a tire.She has a small waist.
Drinking this coffee is like getting kicked in the tongue.This coffee is really strong flavored.
Drinking this coffee is like getting kicked in the tongue.This coffee is very weak flavored.
Drinking this coffee is like drinking air.This coffee is very weak flavored.
Drinking this coffee is like drinking air.This coffee is really strong flavored.
He'll rise as high as the stars.He'll rise high.
He'll rise as high as the stars.He won't rise high at all.
He'll rise as high as the floor.He won't rise high at all.
He'll rise as high as the floor.He'll rise high.
She had the wisdom of an eggplant.She had no wisdom.
She had the wisdom of an eggplant.She was wise,.
She had the wisdom of a mountaintop sage.She was wise,.
She had the wisdom of a mountaintop sage.She had no wisdom.
That's about as cute as a kitten playing with a puppy.It's very cute.
That's about as cute as a kitten playing with a puppy.It's very ugly.
That's about as cute as a naked hairless monkey.It's very ugly.
That's about as cute as a naked hairless monkey.It's very cute.
He's as lively as a party.He's very lively.
He's as lively as a party.He's not very lively at all.
He's as lively as a corpse.He's not very lively at all.
He's as lively as a corpse.He's very lively.
The vocalist had the voice of an angel that just drank a bottle of honey.The singer's voice sounded sweet.
The vocalist had the voice of an angel that just drank a bottle of honey.The singer's voice sounded rough.
The vocalist had the voice of the devil after eating a ghost pepper.The singer's voice sounded rough.
The vocalist had the voice of the devil after eating a ghost pepper.The singer's voice sounded sweet.
Life is a roller coaster.Life has ups and downs.
Life is a roller coaster.There are no surprises in life.
Life is a straight edge.There are no surprises in life.
Life is a straight edge.Life has ups and downs.
He had the feet of a yeti.He had big feet.
He had the feet of a yeti.He had small feet.
He had the feet of a ballerina.He had small feet.
He had the feet of a ballerina.He had big feet.
The maid is a sprinter.The maid is efficient.
The maid is a sprinter.The maid is slow.
The maid is a walker.The maid is slow.
The maid is a walker.The maid is efficient.
I'm as brave as a lion.I'm brave.
I'm as brave as a lion.I'm cowardly.
I'm as brave as a chicken.I'm cowardly.
I'm as brave as a chicken.I'm brave.
That dog is a lump of coal.That dog is lazy.
That dog is a lump of coal.That dog is energetic.
That dog is a ray of light.That dog is energetic.
That dog is a ray of light.That dog is lazy.
The oak's tree shade was the largest umbrella ever.The oak tree provided a lot of shade.
The oak's tree shade was the largest umbrella ever.The oak tree barely provided any shade.
The oak's tree shade was the smallest umbrella ever.The oak tree barely provided any shade.
The oak's tree shade was the smallest umbrella ever.The oak tree provided a lot of shade.
The water is as calm as a chihuahua.The water current is wild.
The water is as calm as a chihuahua.The water current is tame.
The water is as calm as a a sleeping baby.The water current is tame.
The water is as calm as a a sleeping baby.The water current is wild.
The girl is feeling the happiness of a clam that has just finished making a world-class pearl.The girl is very happy.
The girl is feeling the happiness of a clam that has just finished making a world-class pearl.The girl is not happy.
The girl is feeling the happiness of a clam in a boiling pot of water.The girl is not happy.
The girl is feeling the happiness of a clam in a boiling pot of water.The girl is very happy.
You're as talkative as a parrot.You're talkative.
You're as talkative as a parrot.You're not talkative.
You're as talkative as a busted speaker.You're not talkative.
You're as talkative as a busted speaker.You're talkative.
My shoes are swiss cheese.My shoes are full of holes.
My shoes are swiss cheese.My shoes are brand new.
My shoes are a million bucks.My shoes are brand new.
My shoes are a million bucks.My shoes are full of holes.
The football players were as fragile as a diamond.The players were strong.
The football players were as fragile as a diamond.The players were injury prone.
The football players were as fragile as a straw house.The players were injury prone.
The football players were as fragile as a straw house.The players were strong.
This chair is as fragile as a flower.This chair is fragile.
This chair is as fragile as a flower.This chair is quite sturdy.
This chair is as fragile as a brick.This chair is quite sturdy.
This chair is as fragile as a brick.This chair is fragile.
The sculpture was as fragile as a teenage girl's emotional state after being dumped right before prom.The sculpture eas very fragile.
The sculpture was as fragile as a teenage girl's emotional state after being dumped right before prom.The sculpture wasn't fragile at all.
The sculpture was as fragile as superman after destroying all kryptonite.The sculpture wasn't fragile at all.
The sculpture was as fragile as superman after destroying all kryptonite.The sculpture eas very fragile.
The inside of this place is as bright as a cave.It's not bright at all.
The inside of this place is as bright as a cave.It's very bright inside.
The inside of this place is as bright as a xenon lamp.It's very bright inside.
The inside of this place is as bright as a xenon lamp.It's not bright at all.
The class today made me want to watch paint dry.The class was boring.
The class today made me want to watch paint dry.The class was inspirational.
The class today made me want to write a book.The class was inspirational.
The class today made me want to write a book.The class was boring.
The golf shot was as staight as a mountain road.The golf shot was crooked.
The golf shot was as staight as a mountain road.The golf shot was straight.
The golf shot was as staight as a 2x4.The golf shot was straight.
The golf shot was as staight as a 2x4.The golf shot was crooked.
The sickness was a severe as the common cold.The sickness was not severe and would eventually pass without long-term effects.
The sickness was a severe as the common cold.The sickness was very severe and may be fatal.
The sickness was a severe as a blood cancer.The sickness was very severe and may be fatal.
The sickness was a severe as a blood cancer.The sickness was not severe and would eventually pass without long-term effects.
That soda tasted like soap mixed with garbage.The soda was bad.
That soda tasted like soap mixed with garbage.The soda tasted great.
That soda tasted like a dream.The soda tasted great.
That soda tasted like a dream.The soda was bad.
The car was as loud as a pillow dropping.The car was quiet.
The car was as loud as a pillow dropping.The car was loud.
The car was as loud as a marching band.The car was loud.
The car was as loud as a marching band.The car was quiet.
He had eyes like a hawk.He had great eyesight.
He had eyes like a hawk.He had terrible eyesight.
He had eyes like a bat.He had terrible eyesight.
He had eyes like a bat.He had great eyesight.
The a/c in the home was so cold that people coming in froze before they got all the way inside.The a/c in the home was overly frigid.
The a/c in the home was so cold that people coming in froze before they got all the way inside.The a/c in the home was comfortable against a summer day.
The a/c in the home was so cold that you instantly fell asleep in its comfort.The a/c in the home was comfortable against a summer day.
The a/c in the home was so cold that you instantly fell asleep in its comfort.The a/c in the home was overly frigid.
That's as overpriced as the movie concession stand.It's very overpriced.
That's as overpriced as the movie concession stand.It's not over priced.
That's as overpriced as the dollar store.It's not over priced.
That's as overpriced as the dollar store.It's very overpriced.
The patient is a warrior.The patient is brave.
The patient is a warrior.The patient is coward.
The patient is a crybaby.The patient is coward.
The patient is a crybaby.The patient is brave.
The prices are as inflated as a balloon.The prices are very inflated.
The prices are as inflated as a balloon.The prices are not inflated at all.
The prices are as inflated as a popped balloon.The prices are not inflated at all.
The prices are as inflated as a popped balloon.The prices are very inflated.
It's about as fragile as a boulder.It's nor fragile at all.
It's about as fragile as a boulder.It's very fragile.
It's about as fragile as an eggshell.It's very fragile.
It's about as fragile as an eggshell.It's nor fragile at all.
The rate of inflation was that of a pinhole leak in a blimp.The rate of inflation is low.
The rate of inflation was that of a pinhole leak in a blimp.The rate of inflation is high.
The rate of inflation was that of like a huge dam break.The rate of inflation is high.
The rate of inflation was that of like a huge dam break.The rate of inflation is low.
The inflation went as high as the moon shuttle.The inflation skyrocketed.
The inflation went as high as the moon shuttle.The inflation was minimal, and not serious.
The inflation went as high as the top of a kiddie pool.The inflation was minimal, and not serious.
The inflation went as high as the top of a kiddie pool.The inflation skyrocketed.
It's about as straight as boomerang.It's not straight at all.
It's about as straight as boomerang.It's completely straight.
It's about as straight as ruler.It's completely straight.
It's about as straight as ruler.It's not straight at all.
The patient was as sick as a robust stallion.The patient is well.
The patient was as sick as a robust stallion.The patient is very ill.
The patient was as sick as typhoid mary on her worst day.The patient is very ill.
The patient was as sick as typhoid mary on her worst day.The patient is well.
The spy was as quiet as a mouse.The spy was very quiet.
The spy was as quiet as a mouse.The spy was very loud and conspicuous.
The spy was as quiet as a howler monkey.The spy was very loud and conspicuous.
The spy was as quiet as a howler monkey.The spy was very quiet.
It's as colorful as the rainbow.It's full of color.
It's as colorful as the rainbow.It's monotone.
It's as colorful as an old movie.It's monotone.
It's as colorful as an old movie.It's full of color.
The combat on the front that day was that of a gentle rain.The combat level is low.
The combat on the front that day was that of a gentle rain.The combat level is very high and violent.
The combat on the front that day was that of an angry hurricane.The combat level is very high and violent.
The combat on the front that day was that of an angry hurricane.The combat level is low.
The submarine faced the pressure of an artist trying to follow up a hit album.The submarine was under a lot of pressure.
The submarine faced the pressure of an artist trying to follow up a hit album.There was no pressure on the submarine.
The submarine faced the pressure of a spaceship after leaving the atmosphere.There was no pressure on the submarine.
The submarine faced the pressure of a spaceship after leaving the atmosphere.The submarine was under a lot of pressure.
The pressure on him felt like a ton of bricks.He was under a lot of pressure.
The pressure on him felt like a ton of bricks.He was under very little pressure.
The pressure on him felt like a bag of feathers.He was under very little pressure.
The pressure on him felt like a bag of feathers.He was under a lot of pressure.
The table was lanky as a giraffe.The table had thin and unsturdy legs.
The table was lanky as a giraffe.The table had thick, short, reliable legs.
The table was lanky as an ant.The table had thick, short, reliable legs.
The table was lanky as an ant.The table had thin and unsturdy legs.
The break in the day's work felt like it lasted about as long as a christopher nolan movie.The break felt like it lasted a long time.
The break in the day's work felt like it lasted about as long as a christopher nolan movie.The break felt like it lasted only a short time.
The break in the day's work felt like it lasted about as long as a episode of the office.The break felt like it lasted only a short time.
The break in the day's work felt like it lasted about as long as a episode of the office.The break felt like it lasted a long time.
This bed is cushy as clouds.The bed is very comfortable.
This bed is cushy as clouds.The bed is very uncomfortable.
This bed is cushy as a boulder.The bed is very uncomfortable.
This bed is cushy as a boulder.The bed is very comfortable.
He has all the morality of a saint.He's a moral person.
He has all the morality of a saint.He's an immoral person.
He has all the morality of the devil.He's an immoral person.
He has all the morality of the devil.He's a moral person.
This body builder has the strength of a rhino.The body builder is strong.
This body builder has the strength of a rhino.The body builder is not strong.
This body builder has the strength of a baby.The body builder is not strong.
This body builder has the strength of a baby.The body builder is strong.
Her morals were as strong as a knight in armor.She had strong morals.
Her morals were as strong as a knight in armor.She had weak morals.
Her morals were as strong as a wet piece of paper.She had weak morals.
Her morals were as strong as a wet piece of paper.She had strong morals.
The snake was animated as a disney movie.The snake was aggressive.
The snake was animated as a disney movie.The snake was timid and watchful.
The snake was animated as a decorative walking stick.The snake was timid and watchful.
The snake was animated as a decorative walking stick.The snake was aggressive.
My neighbor had the social graces of holden caulfield.My neighbor was grumpy and anti-social.
My neighbor had the social graces of holden caulfield.My neighbor was kind and generous.
My neighbor had the social graces of ted lasso.My neighbor was kind and generous.
My neighbor had the social graces of ted lasso.My neighbor was grumpy and anti-social.
The fan sounds like a washing machine.The fan is very noisy.
The fan sounds like a washing machine.The fan is quiet.
The fan sounds like a gentle breeze.The fan is quiet.
The fan sounds like a gentle breeze.The fan is very noisy.
This door's as sturdy as steel.This door is very sturdy.
This door's as sturdy as steel.This door is very flimsy.
This door's as sturdy as cardboard.This door is very flimsy.
This door's as sturdy as cardboard.This door is very sturdy.
My spouse is as attached as a sticker.My spouse is attached to me.
My spouse is as attached as a sticker.My spouse is distant.
My spouse is as attached as oil in water.My spouse is distant.
My spouse is as attached as oil in water.My spouse is attached to me.
He fought as hard as a rabid wolverine.He fought very hard.
He fought as hard as a rabid wolverine.He did not fight hard.
He fought as hard as a newborn kitten.He did not fight hard.
He fought as hard as a newborn kitten.He fought very hard.
The carpet was as comfortable as stepping on a cactus.The carpet was not of good quality.
The carpet was as comfortable as stepping on a cactus.The carpet was comfortable.
The carpet was as comfortable as silk.The carpet was comfortable.
The carpet was as comfortable as silk.The carpet was not of good quality.
Journalism has the integrity of a scavenger over roadkill.Journalism has little but selfish motives.
Journalism has the integrity of a scavenger over roadkill.Journalism can be trusted at the highest level.
Journalism has the integrity of an eagle soaring high.Journalism can be trusted at the highest level.
Journalism has the integrity of an eagle soaring high.Journalism has little but selfish motives.
The christmas get-together felt like a scene from little women.The christmas get-together atmosphere was warm and inviting.
The christmas get-together felt like a scene from little women.The christmas get-together atmosphere was cold and disinviting.
The christmas get-together felt like a night with the scrooge before his conversion.The christmas get-together atmosphere was cold and disinviting.
The christmas get-together felt like a night with the scrooge before his conversion.The christmas get-together atmosphere was warm and inviting.
That person is as lazy as a sloth.The person is lazy.
That person is as lazy as a sloth.The person is not lazy.
That person is as lazy as a farmworker.The person is not lazy.
That person is as lazy as a farmworker.The person is lazy.
Her attitude is that of a piranha.She is ferocious and aggresive.
Her attitude is that of a piranha.She is calm and tranquil.
Her attitude is that of a koi.She is calm and tranquil.
Her attitude is that of a koi.She is ferocious and aggresive.
She's light as a feather.She's light.
She's light as a feather.She's heavy.
She's light as a freight train.She's heavy.
She's light as a freight train.She's light.
The stove got as hot as a polar vortex.The stove did not get hot.
The stove got as hot as a polar vortex.The stove got very hot.
The stove got as hot as the sun.The stove got very hot.
The stove got as hot as the sun.The stove did not get hot.
Marriage has the longevity of a fleeting season.Marriage hardly lasts very long.
Marriage has the longevity of a fleeting season.Marriage endures for a limitless time.
Marriage has the longevity of story without ending.Marriage endures for a limitless time.
Marriage has the longevity of story without ending.Marriage hardly lasts very long.
The workplace was as welcoming as dante's hell.The workplace was not welcoming and devoid of warmth.
The workplace was as welcoming as dante's hell.The workplace was welcoming and warm.
The workplace was as welcoming as grandma's house.The workplace was welcoming and warm.
The workplace was as welcoming as grandma's house.The workplace was not welcoming and devoid of warmth.
That man is as common as books in school.The person is common.
That man is as common as books in school.The person is very rare.
That man is as common as fire underwater.The person is very rare.
That man is as common as fire underwater.The person is common.
His breath was of the dead.His breath was bad.
His breath was of the dead.His breath was good.
His breath was of spring.His breath was good.
His breath was of spring.His breath was bad.
He would fit perfectly in as a mime.He does not talk.
He would fit perfectly in as a mime.He talks a lot.
He would fit perfectly in as a auctioneer.He talks a lot.
He would fit perfectly in as a auctioneer.He does not talk.
Her skin is as soft as silk.Her skin is soft.
Her skin is as soft as silk.Her skin is rough and coarse.
Her skin is as soft as sandpaper.Her skin is rough and coarse.
Her skin is as soft as sandpaper.Her skin is soft.
He was as clever as a charging elephant.He lacked cleverness.
He was as clever as a charging elephant.He was extremely smart.
He was as clever as sun tzu.He was extremely smart.
He was as clever as sun tzu.He lacked cleverness.
The claim of racism is a searing hot knife that slices society apart.The claim of racism tears society apart.
The claim of racism is a searing hot knife that slices society apart.The claim of racism brings about a better world.
The claim of racism is a catalyst that feeds the reactions of positive change.The claim of racism brings about a better world.
The claim of racism is a catalyst that feeds the reactions of positive change.The claim of racism tears society apart.
The enemy was as brave as the lion in the wizard of oz.The enemy was a coward and was scared to fight.
The enemy was as brave as the lion in the wizard of oz.The enemy was brave and confident in his abilities.
The enemy was as brave as an ancient spartan warrior.The enemy was brave and confident in his abilities.
The enemy was as brave as an ancient spartan warrior.The enemy was a coward and was scared to fight.
The sound was angel whispers.The sound was soothing.
The sound was angel whispers.The sound was piercing.
The sound was an icepick to the eardrum.The sound was piercing.
The sound was an icepick to the eardrum.The sound was soothing.
The barista ran the coffee shop so that it would resemble a boot camp.The coffee shop ran smoothly and orderly.
The barista ran the coffee shop so that it would resemble a boot camp.The coffee shop was hectic.
The barista ran the coffee shop so that it would resemble a kindergarten class.The coffee shop was hectic.
The barista ran the coffee shop so that it would resemble a kindergarten class.The coffee shop ran smoothly and orderly.
This is as easy as abc.This is easy.
This is as easy as abc.This is difficult.
This is as easy as advanced trigonometry.This is difficult.
This is as easy as advanced trigonometry.This is easy.
The computer is as fast as a cheetah.The computer is fast.
The computer is as fast as a cheetah.The computer is slow.
The computer is as fast as molasses.The computer is slow.
The computer is as fast as molasses.The computer is fast.
The sausage was long as the time it takes an old woman to climb the stairs.The sausage was long.
The sausage was long as the time it takes an old woman to climb the stairs.The sausage was short.
The sausage was long as an earthworm after being cut in half.The sausage was short.
The sausage was long as an earthworm after being cut in half.The sausage was long.
He turned with the speed of an elderly sloth.He was slow in his movements.
He turned with the speed of an elderly sloth.He was jumpy and fast.
He turned with the speed of an excited rabbit.He was jumpy and fast.
He turned with the speed of an excited rabbit.He was slow in his movements.
The dog is a ferocious lion.The dog is aggressive.
The dog is a ferocious lion.The dog is submissive.
The dog is a timid sheep.The dog is submissive.
The dog is a timid sheep.The dog is aggressive.
The kid had the mind of a ninja.The kid was clever.
The kid had the mind of a ninja.The kid was not clever.
The kid had the mind of a greenbean.The kid was not clever.
The kid had the mind of a greenbean.The kid was clever.
Those directions were as clear as a a foggy day.The directions were bad.
Those directions were as clear as a a foggy day.The directions were straight forward.
Those directions were as clear as a purified water.The directions were straight forward.
Those directions were as clear as a purified water.The directions were bad.
The dump truck was filled as a man at an "all you can eat" buffet about to burst.The dump truck was extremely full.
The dump truck was filled as a man at an "all you can eat" buffet about to burst.The dump truck wasn't at all filled.
The dump truck was filled as a twinkie without the cream.The dump truck wasn't at all filled.
The dump truck was filled as a twinkie without the cream.The dump truck was extremely full.
The idea is a lighthouse.The idea guides people well.
The idea is a lighthouse.The idea is unclear.
The idea is shattered glass.The idea is unclear.
The idea is shattered glass.The idea guides people well.
He cranked that dial with the strength of a malnourished 16 year old.He did not crank the dial with much strength.
He cranked that dial with the strength of a malnourished 16 year old.He cranked the dial very roughly.
He cranked that dial with the strength of a 7 foot bodybuilder.He cranked the dial very roughly.
He cranked that dial with the strength of a 7 foot bodybuilder.He did not crank the dial with much strength.
I feel as good as a garbage disposal.I feel ill.
I feel as good as a garbage disposal.I feel great.
I feel as good as cashmere.I feel great.
I feel as good as cashmere.I feel ill.
I'm about as rich as a janitor.I'm not rich.
I'm about as rich as a janitor.I'm rich.
I'm about as rich as a ceo.I'm rich.
I'm about as rich as a ceo.I'm not rich.
The baby's skin was smooth as a bald man's freshly waxed head.The baby had smooth skin.
The baby's skin was smooth as a bald man's freshly waxed head.The baby's skin was not smooth.
The baby's skin was smooth as a bald man's unshaven beard.The baby's skin was not smooth.
The baby's skin was smooth as a bald man's unshaven beard.The baby had smooth skin.
Your constitution is as solid as stone.Your constitution is solid.
Your constitution is as solid as stone.Your constitution is not solid.
Your constitution is as solid as quicksand.Your constitution is not solid.
Your constitution is as solid as quicksand.Your constitution is solid.
His idea made as much sense as abc's.His idea was simple and elementary.
His idea made as much sense as abc's.His idea took some work to understand.
His idea made as much sense as a trigonometry exam.His idea took some work to understand.
His idea made as much sense as a trigonometry exam.His idea was simple and elementary.
The song is a jackhammer.The song is loud and annoying.
The song is a jackhammer.The song is peaceful and quiet.
The song is a tranquil pond.The song is peaceful and quiet.
The song is a tranquil pond.The song is loud and annoying.
The food was as healthy as smog.The food was not good for you.
The food was as healthy as smog.The food was good for you.
The food was as healthy as a gym membership.The food was good for you.
The food was as healthy as a gym membership.The food was not good for you.
The room was as bright as 9 am.The room was well-lit.
The room was as bright as 9 am.The room was dingy.
The room was as bright as a cave.The room was dingy.
The room was as bright as a cave.The room was well-lit.
The robot had the weight of a being made of titanium and steel.The robot weighed a lot.
The robot had the weight of a being made of titanium and steel.The robot didn't weigh that much.
The robot had the weight of a being made out of paper and feathers.The robot didn't weigh that much.
The robot had the weight of a being made out of paper and feathers.The robot weighed a lot.
She about as smart as a box of rocks.She is not smart.
She about as smart as a box of rocks.She is smart.
She about as smart as an owl.She is smart.
She about as smart as an owl.She is not smart.
The teacher was as fair as a coinflip.The teacher was fair.
The teacher was as fair as a coinflip.The teacher was not fair.
The teacher was as fair as a loaded dice.The teacher was not fair.
The teacher was as fair as a loaded dice.The teacher was fair.
That made as much sense as robbing a bank with a toy gun.It made no sense.
That made as much sense as robbing a bank with a toy gun.It makes a lot of sense.
That made as much sense as investing money.It makes a lot of sense.
That made as much sense as investing money.It made no sense.
The lightbulb has the luminescence of a tiny birthday candle.The lightbulb is dim.
The lightbulb has the luminescence of a tiny birthday candle.The lightbulb is very bright.
The lightbulb has the luminescence of a thousand suns.The lightbulb is very bright.
The lightbulb has the luminescence of a thousand suns.The lightbulb is dim.
Her heels were as high as a tree.Her heels were very high.
Her heels were as high as a tree.Her heels were short.
Her heels were as high as the ground.Her heels were short.
Her heels were as high as the ground.Her heels were very high.
The idea was as convincing as money offered to a kleptocrat.The idea was persuasive.
The idea was as convincing as money offered to a kleptocrat.The idea was not persuasive.
The idea was as convincing as a bribe offered to a puritan.The idea was not persuasive.
The idea was as convincing as a bribe offered to a puritan.The idea was persuasive.
A laugh in the sea of sadness.Not bothered.
A laugh in the sea of sadness.Not scared.
A laugh in the face of danger.Not scared.
A laugh in the face of danger.Not bothered.
The rain was coming down as hard as a sumo wrestler.The rain was heavy.
The rain was coming down as hard as a sumo wrestler.The rain was light.
The rain was coming down as hard as a down feather.The rain was light.
The rain was coming down as hard as a down feather.The rain was heavy.
It's as fluffy as a marshmellow.It's very fluffy.
It's as fluffy as a marshmellow.It's not fluffy at all.
It's as fluffy as a lego.It's not fluffy at all.
It's as fluffy as a lego.It's very fluffy.
The idea has the brilliance of the ravings of a drunken bum.The idea is crazy and stupid.
The idea has the brilliance of the ravings of a drunken bum.The idea is brilliant and profound.
The idea has the brilliance of a nobel prize-winning invention.The idea is brilliant and profound.
The idea has the brilliance of a nobel prize-winning invention.The idea is crazy and stupid.
He had the anger of the christian devil every day of the week.She had a lot of anger.
He had the anger of the christian devil every day of the week.She had little anger.
He had the anger of jesus christ after chilling in heaven for a few centuries.She had little anger.
He had the anger of jesus christ after chilling in heaven for a few centuries.She had a lot of anger.
The river was as high as a grateful dead fan.The river had high water.
The river was as high as a grateful dead fan.The river water was low.
The river was as high as death valley.The river water was low.
The river was as high as death valley.The river had high water.
It has the speed of a turtle.It's very slow.
It has the speed of a turtle.It's very fast.
It has the speed of a jaguar.It's very fast.
It has the speed of a jaguar.It's very slow.
The idea of heaven to many is that of a child's belief in santa claus.The idea of heaven is a phony belief.
The idea of heaven to many is that of a child's belief in santa claus.The idea of heaven is real and a certainty.
The idea of heaven to many is that of the sun coming up each day.The idea of heaven is real and a certainty.
The idea of heaven to many is that of the sun coming up each day.The idea of heaven is a phony belief.
The days were as hot as the sun.The days were really hot.
The days were as hot as the sun.The days were really cold.
The days were as hot as the arctic.The days were really cold.
The days were as hot as the arctic.The days were really hot.
His brain is a flowing river of ideas.He is very smart and creative.
His brain is a flowing river of ideas.He is not very smart or creative.
His brain is a stagnant pond.He is not very smart or creative.
His brain is a stagnant pond.He is very smart and creative.
The lamp glowed with the light of an industrial strength flashlight.The lamp was bright.
The lamp glowed with the light of an industrial strength flashlight.The lamp was dim.
The lamp glowed with the light of a distant star.The lamp was dim.
The lamp glowed with the light of a distant star.The lamp was bright.
Her ideas are as bright as heaven.Her ideas are really good.
Her ideas are as bright as heaven.Her ideas are awful.
Her ideas are as bright as motor oil.Her ideas are awful.
Her ideas are as bright as motor oil.Her ideas are really good.
The thunder was a bass drum.The thunder was loud and reverberating.
The thunder was a bass drum.The thunder was far in the distance and barely noticeable.
The thunder was a pin dropping.The thunder was far in the distance and barely noticeable.
The thunder was a pin dropping.The thunder was loud and reverberating.
The pillows had the softness of a steamed carrot cooked all day.The pillows were very soft.
The pillows had the softness of a steamed carrot cooked all day.The pillows weren't at all soft.
The pillows had the softness of a carrot fresh from the ground.The pillows weren't at all soft.
The pillows had the softness of a carrot fresh from the ground.The pillows were very soft.
That rose like pizza crust.It rises.
That rose like pizza crust.It does not rise.
That rose like an anvil.It does not rise.
That rose like an anvil.It rises.
Her eyes were shiny, twinkling stars.She looked happy and bright-eyed.
Her eyes were shiny, twinkling stars.She looked sad.
Her eyes were darkening stars that were flickering out.She looked sad.
Her eyes were darkening stars that were flickering out.She looked happy and bright-eyed.
The man's idea had the creativity of a young child.The idea was very creative.
The man's idea had the creativity of a young child.The idea was routine.
The man's idea had the creativity of an assembly line operator.The idea was routine.
The man's idea had the creativity of an assembly line operator.The idea was very creative.
The puppy is as sweet as sugar.The puppy is very nice and friendly.
The puppy is as sweet as sugar.The puppy isn't very nice or friendly.
The puppy is as sweet as salt.The puppy isn't very nice or friendly.
The puppy is as sweet as salt.The puppy is very nice and friendly.
The snow covered everything and was a quilt.The snow covered everything and was a comforting sight.
The snow covered everything and was a quilt.The snow covered everything and restricted movement.
The snow covered everything and was a leash.The snow covered everything and restricted movement.
The snow covered everything and was a leash.The snow covered everything and was a comforting sight.
That had the impact of a tsunami.The impact was strong.
That had the impact of a tsunami.It was not a strong impact.
That had the impact of a flick.It was not a strong impact.
That had the impact of a flick.The impact was strong.
The news she brought was a bag of bricks pulling me down to earth.She brought news that was stressful and heavy.
The news she brought was a bag of bricks pulling me down to earth.She brought news that was uplifting and relieving.
The news she brought was a hot air balloon lifting me up.She brought news that was uplifting and relieving.
The news she brought was a hot air balloon lifting me up.She brought news that was stressful and heavy.
Heaven has the serenity of an untouched forest.Heaven is quiet and peaceful.
Heaven has the serenity of an untouched forest.Heaven is lively and active.
Heaven has the serenity of a kindergarten classroom.Heaven is lively and active.
Heaven has the serenity of a kindergarten classroom.Heaven is quiet and peaceful.
Her closet was as big as texas.Her closet was quite large.
Her closet was as big as texas.Her closet was small.
Her closet was as big as a shoe box.Her closet was small.
Her closet was as big as a shoe box.Her closet was quite large.
The new transfer student was a shining star.The new transfer student was impressive and a role model to peers.
The new transfer student was a shining star.The new transfer student was a blight and bite their fangs into others, dragging them down.
The new transfer student was a vampire.The new transfer student was a blight and bite their fangs into others, dragging them down.
The new transfer student was a vampire.The new transfer student was impressive and a role model to peers.
She had the invisibility of frodo while wearing the one ring.She was completely invisible.
She had the invisibility of frodo while wearing the one ring.She was completely visible.
She had the invisibility of frodo while wearing a ring he found at an elvish pawn shop.She was completely visible.
She had the invisibility of frodo while wearing a ring he found at an elvish pawn shop.She was completely invisible.
The movie raised your spirits to heaven.The movie was uplifting.
The movie raised your spirits to heaven.The movie was depressing.
The movie raised your spirits to the ocean floor.The movie was depressing.
The movie raised your spirits to the ocean floor.The movie was uplifting.
That was effective as soap to dirt.It was really effective.
That was effective as soap to dirt.It was not effective at all.
That was effective as water in a gas tank.It was not effective at all.
That was effective as water in a gas tank.It was really effective.
The flower had the blossom of an angel.The blossom was beautiful.
The flower had the blossom of an angel.The blossom was ugly.
The flower had the blossom of an ogre.The blossom was ugly.
The flower had the blossom of an ogre.The blossom was beautiful.
I blossomed like a flower.I became beautiful.
I blossomed like a flower.I became ugly.
I blossomed like a weed.I became ugly.
I blossomed like a weed.I became beautiful.
The local economy began to blossom.The local economy grew in activity.
The local economy began to blossom.The local economy went through a depression.
The local economy began to wither.The local economy went through a depression.
The local economy began to wither.The local economy grew in activity.
The flower is as beautiful as a bride on her wedding day.The flower is beautiful.
The flower is as beautiful as a bride on her wedding day.The flower is ugly.
The flower is as beautiful as frankenstein's monster.The flower is ugly.
The flower is as beautiful as frankenstein's monster.The flower is beautiful.
The blossom had all the colors of a burnt marshmallow.The blossom had no color.
The blossom had all the colors of a burnt marshmallow.The blossom had many colors.
The blossom had all the colors of a kandinsky painting.The blossom had many colors.
The blossom had all the colors of a kandinsky painting.The blossom had no color.
The vodka had the strength of twenty bodybuilders after doing steroids for months.The vodka was very strong.
The vodka had the strength of twenty bodybuilders after doing steroids for months.The vodka was weak.
The vodka had the strength of an unfermented potato.The vodka was weak.
The vodka had the strength of an unfermented potato.The vodka was very strong.
My wife  is a nymph.My wife is beautiful.
My wife  is a nymph.My wife is ugly.
My wife  is a witch.My wife is ugly.
My wife  is a witch.My wife is beautiful.
Her lasagna was a parade.Her lasagna was fun celebration.
Her lasagna was a parade.Her lasagna was a terrible occasion.
Her lasagna was a funeral.Her lasagna was a terrible occasion.
Her lasagna was a funeral.Her lasagna was fun celebration.
I grew like a giraffe.I became tall.
I grew like a giraffe.I didn't become tall.
I grew like an ant.I didn't become tall.
I grew like an ant.I became tall.
The seeds were as plentiful as sand in the desert.There were a lot of seeds.
The seeds were as plentiful as sand in the desert.There were few seeds.
The seeds were as plentiful as water in the desert.There were few seeds.
The seeds were as plentiful as water in the desert.There were a lot of seeds.
Self-control is a ocean.Self-control can be limitless.
Self-control is a ocean.Self-control is hard to capture.
Self-control is a butterfly.Self-control is hard to capture.
Self-control is a butterfly.Self-control can be limitless.
The puppy has the emotions of a lottery winner.The puppy is happy.
The puppy has the emotions of a lottery winner.The puppy is sad.
The puppy has the emotions of a person in jail.The puppy is sad.
The puppy has the emotions of a person in jail.The puppy is happy.
The plant grew as fast as a weed after a rain.The plant grew fast.
The plant grew as fast as a weed after a rain.The plant grew slowly.
The plant grew as fast as a bonsai tree.The plant grew slowly.
The plant grew as fast as a bonsai tree.The plant grew fast.
The keyring had all the keys of planets in the known universe.The keyring is filled with keys.
The keyring had all the keys of planets in the known universe.The keyring has almost no keys.
The keyring had all the keys of moons orbiting earth.The keyring has almost no keys.
The keyring had all the keys of moons orbiting earth.The keyring is filled with keys.
That boy is a pine tree.That boy is very tall.
That boy is a pine tree.That boy is very short.
That boy is a shrub.That boy is very short.
That boy is a shrub.That boy is very tall.
The calendar was a stadium on super bowl sunday.The calendar was busy.
The calendar was a stadium on super bowl sunday.The calendar was empty.
The calendar was a ghost town.The calendar was empty.
The calendar was a ghost town.The calendar was busy.
This stuff is as common as snow in antarctica.This stuff is common.
This stuff is as common as snow in antarctica.This stuff is rare.
This stuff is as common as snow in hawaii.This stuff is rare.
This stuff is as common as snow in hawaii.This stuff is common.
The company grew as fast as a newborn panda.The company grew quickly.
The company grew as fast as a newborn panda.The company grew slowly.
The company grew as fast as a tree.The company grew slowly.
The company grew as fast as a tree.The company grew quickly.
Weakness is a mountain.Weakness is insurmountable.
Weakness is a mountain.Weakness can be overcome.
Weakness is a hurdle.Weakness can be overcome.
Weakness is a hurdle.Weakness is insurmountable.
The child's brain is as fast as a supercomputer.The child is smart.
The child's brain is as fast as a supercomputer.The child is dumb.
The child's brain is as fast as a an abacus.The child is dumb.
The child's brain is as fast as a an abacus.The child is smart.
The bear was the size of a whale after eating a smaller whale.The bear was very big.
The bear was the size of a whale after eating a smaller whale.The bear was pretty small.
The bear was the size of the earth in the "pale blue dot" photo.The bear was pretty small.
The bear was the size of the earth in the "pale blue dot" photo.The bear was very big.
She has a cake baking in the oven.She's pregnant.
She has a cake baking in the oven.She's not pregnant.
She has nothing in the oven.She's not pregnant.
She has nothing in the oven.She's pregnant.
This building is a pile of rubble.The building is falling apart.
This building is a pile of rubble.The building is well preserved.
This building is a reclaimed haven.The building is well preserved.
This building is a reclaimed haven.The building is falling apart.
The claims of the history book were like tabloid headlines.The claims of the history book were not believable.
The claims of the history book were like tabloid headlines.The claims of the history book were believable.
The claims of the history book were like a unanimous verdict.The claims of the history book were believable.
The claims of the history book were like a unanimous verdict.The claims of the history book were not believable.
The building's roof has the integrity of a leaky sieve.The roof is bad and leaky.
The building's roof has the integrity of a leaky sieve.The roof is sound and waterproof.
The building's roof has the integrity of a safe at fort knox.The roof is sound and waterproof.
The building's roof has the integrity of a safe at fort knox.The roof is bad and leaky.
The building has the foundation of reinforced steel on rock away from the ocean.The building has a strong foundation.
The building has the foundation of reinforced steel on rock away from the ocean.The building has a weak foundation.
The building has the foundation of a relationship based on lies.The building has a weak foundation.
The building has the foundation of a relationship based on lies.The building has a strong foundation.
This landscape is indistinguishable from a wasteland.The landscape is terribly unpleasant.
This landscape is indistinguishable from a wasteland.The landscape is amazing.
This landscape is indistinguishable from wonderland.The landscape is amazing.
This landscape is indistinguishable from wonderland.The landscape is terribly unpleasant.
The runner was breathing like a meditative monk.The runner had not exerted himself and was breathing lightly.
The runner was breathing like a meditative monk.The runner was panting from over-exertion.
The runner was breathing like a a tired dog.The runner was panting from over-exertion.
The runner was breathing like a a tired dog.The runner had not exerted himself and was breathing lightly.
The movie had the believability of a disney fairy tale.The movie was not believable.
The movie had the believability of a disney fairy tale.The movie was realistic and believable.
The movie had the believability of an award-winning historic documentary.The movie was realistic and believable.
The movie had the believability of an award-winning historic documentary.The movie was not believable.
The internet had the speed of sonic the hedgehog racing the flash.The internet is fast.
The internet had the speed of sonic the hedgehog racing the flash.The internet is slow.
The internet had the speed of sonic the hedgehog in that game gear game where he loses his speed.The internet is slow.
The internet had the speed of sonic the hedgehog in that game gear game where he loses his speed.The internet is fast.
There's big money in here like the federal reserve.There's a lot of money in here.
There's big money in here like the federal reserve.There's no money in here.
There's big money in here like a piggy bank.There's no money in here.
There's big money in here like a piggy bank.There's a lot of money in here.
This house is a resort of its own.The house is very luxurious.
This house is a resort of its own.The house is decaying and full of trash.
This house is a junkyard.The house is decaying and full of trash.
This house is a junkyard.The house is very luxurious.
The athlete could jump like he ruled the air.The athlete could jump very high.
The athlete could jump like he ruled the air.The athlete could not jump very high.
The athlete could jump like he was tethered to the ground.The athlete could not jump very high.
The athlete could jump like he was tethered to the ground.The athlete could jump very high.
The athlete has the winning capacity of a day old lottery ticket.The athlete is a proven loser.
The athlete has the winning capacity of a day old lottery ticket.The athlete is a consistent winner.
The athlete has the winning capacity of a ten-time decathlon winner.The athlete is a consistent winner.
The athlete has the winning capacity of a ten-time decathlon winner.The athlete is a proven loser.
The coffee was as dark as the universe before the big bang.The coffee was very dark.
The coffee was as dark as the universe before the big bang.The coffee was very light.
The coffee was as dark as snow in a field of cotton.The coffee was very light.
The coffee was as dark as snow in a field of cotton.The coffee was very dark.
The grass has the color of pistachio pudding.The grass is light green.
The grass has the color of pistachio pudding.The grass is brown.
The grass has the color of cardboard.The grass is brown.
The grass has the color of cardboard.The grass is light green.
The soup was as flavorful as a stale cracker.The soup was bland.
The soup was as flavorful as a stale cracker.The soup was tasty.
The soup was as flavorful as a five course meal.The soup was tasty.
The soup was as flavorful as a five course meal.The soup was bland.
The concrete foundation of the home is as solid as a rotting sponge.The home's foundation is weak and wavering.
The concrete foundation of the home is as solid as a rotting sponge.The home's foundation is strong.
The concrete foundation of the home is as solid as a thick castle wall.The home's foundation is strong.
The concrete foundation of the home is as solid as a thick castle wall.The home's foundation is weak and wavering.
The screen had the brightness of the sun in a cloudless sky in the middle of summer.The screen was very bright.
The screen had the brightness of the sun in a cloudless sky in the middle of summer.The screen wasn't at all bright.
The screen had the brightness of a coal mine on a winter night.The screen wasn't at all bright.
The screen had the brightness of a coal mine on a winter night.The screen was very bright.
The bed is as comfortable as a pile of feathers.The bed is comfortable.
The bed is as comfortable as a pile of feathers.The bed is not comfortable.
The bed is as comfortable as a pile of rocks.The bed is not comfortable.
The bed is as comfortable as a pile of rocks.The bed is comfortable.
The dog was as behaved as a three year old.The dog was unruly.
The dog was as behaved as a three year old.The dog was well behaved.
The dog was as behaved as a military officer.The dog was well behaved.
The dog was as behaved as a military officer.The dog was unruly.
The debater's argument held the merit of a pack of lies from a crooked politician.The argument was flimsy and untrue.
The debater's argument held the merit of a pack of lies from a crooked politician.The argument was solid and true.
The debater's argument held the merit of a great statesman.The argument was solid and true.
The debater's argument held the merit of a great statesman.The argument was flimsy and untrue.
The cat was furry as sasquatch before visiting the barber.The cat was very furry.
The cat was furry as sasquatch before visiting the barber.The car wasn't furry.
The cat was furry as a naked mole rat after falling in veet.The car wasn't furry.
The cat was furry as a naked mole rat after falling in veet.The cat was very furry.
The course is difficult as rocket science.The course is very difficult.
The course is difficult as rocket science.The course is not difficult.
The course is difficult as frying an egg.The course is not difficult.
The course is difficult as frying an egg.The course is very difficult.
The argument was as consistent as a sloppy joe.The argument was poor and contradictory.
The argument was as consistent as a sloppy joe.The argument was not contradictory.
The argument was as consistent as a well-blended smoothie.The argument was not contradictory.
The argument was as consistent as a well-blended smoothie.The argument was poor and contradictory.
The new building held the beauty of a pile of garbage on the subway.The building is ugly and unappealing.
The new building held the beauty of a pile of garbage on the subway.The building is beautiful and attractive.
The new building held the beauty of a majestic swan on a still pond.The building is beautiful and attractive.
The new building held the beauty of a majestic swan on a still pond.The building is ugly and unappealing.
The rolls had the sweetness of the perfect girlfriend in a sugar cane field.The rolls were extremely sweet.
The rolls had the sweetness of the perfect girlfriend in a sugar cane field.The rolls were not sweet at all.
The rolls had the sweetness of a burnt ash pile.The rolls were not sweet at all.
The rolls had the sweetness of a burnt ash pile.The rolls were extremely sweet.
The architecture was as original as a novel novel.The architecture was creative and fresh.
The architecture was as original as a novel novel.The architecture was uncreative and cliche.
The architecture was as original as a plagiarized novel.The architecture was uncreative and cliche.
The architecture was as original as a plagiarized novel.The architecture was creative and fresh.
The journey had the difficulty of putting peanut butter on jelly.The journey lacked difficulty.
The journey had the difficulty of putting peanut butter on jelly.The journey was difficult.
The journey had the difficulty of making peanuts into butter and grapes into jelly.The journey was difficult.
The journey had the difficulty of making peanuts into butter and grapes into jelly.The journey lacked difficulty.
The man loved the sandwich his wife made as much as he loved his football games.The wife made a good sandwich.
The man loved the sandwich his wife made as much as he loved his football games.The sandwich was not good.
The man loved the sandwich his wife made as much as he loved having to take out the garbage.The sandwich was not good.
The man loved the sandwich his wife made as much as he loved having to take out the garbage.The wife made a good sandwich.
His love is as deep as a philosophical treatise.His love is genuine.
His love is as deep as a philosophical treatise.His love is weak.
His love is as deep as a pun.His love is weak.
His love is as deep as a pun.His love is genuine.
He floated like a boat.He floated well.
He floated like a boat.He sunk.
He floated like a rock.He sunk.
He floated like a rock.He floated well.
The sheets were as smooth as satin.The sheets were very soft and smooth.
The sheets were as smooth as satin.The sheets were rough.
The sheets were as smooth as sandpaper.The sheets were rough.
The sheets were as smooth as sandpaper.The sheets were very soft and smooth.
The baby had the cries of a monster in a film shown on a thx-certified theater.The baby's cries were very loud.
The baby had the cries of a monster in a film shown on a thx-certified theater.The baby cried softly.
The baby had the cries of a fly with its mouth taped shut.The baby cried softly.
The baby had the cries of a fly with its mouth taped shut.The baby's cries were very loud.
The long journey is a mystic maze.The long journey is very uncertain.
The long journey is a mystic maze.The long journey is very certain.
The long journey is a right road.The long journey is very certain.
The long journey is a right road.The long journey is very uncertain.
The imminent journey loomed like a dark cloud.The journey is stressful.
The imminent journey loomed like a dark cloud.The journey is a source of happiness.
The imminent journey loomed like the sun on the horizon.The journey is a source of happiness.
The imminent journey loomed like the sun on the horizon.The journey is stressful.
It was cold like a igloo.It was very cold.
It was cold like a igloo.It was hot.
It was cold like a wildfire.It was hot.
It was cold like a wildfire.It was very cold.
The room smelled just like flowers.The room smelled really nice.
The room smelled just like flowers.The room smelled awful.
The room smelled just like a garbage can.The room smelled awful.
The room smelled just like a garbage can.The room smelled really nice.
The stock has the value of a dvd player in 1997.The stock has a lot of value.
The stock has the value of a dvd player in 1997.The stock has very little value.
The stock has the value of a dvd player in 2017.The stock has very little value.
The stock has the value of a dvd player in 2017.The stock has a lot of value.
Their holiday travel is a terrible thief.Their holiday travel is not pleasant.
Their holiday travel is a terrible thief.Their holiday travel is pleasant.
Their holiday travel is a benevolent benefactor.Their holiday travel is pleasant.
Their holiday travel is a benevolent benefactor.Their holiday travel is not pleasant.
The traveller had the energy level of a sloth.The traveller is tired.
The traveller had the energy level of a sloth.The traveller is vigorous.
The traveller had the energy level of a hummingbird.The traveller is vigorous.
The traveller had the energy level of a hummingbird.The traveller is tired.
It was as predictable as a sandstorm.It wasn't predictable.
It was as predictable as a sandstorm.It was very predictable.
It was as predictable as a routine.It was very predictable.
It was as predictable as a routine.It wasn't predictable.
There's tears in here like a room full of chopped onions.Many tears would be seen.
There's tears in here like a room full of chopped onions.Tears would not be seen.
There's tears in here like a blindfold party.Tears would not be seen.
There's tears in here like a blindfold party.Many tears would be seen.
The condition of her car when she got her car out of the shop made the woman as happy as the day she bought the car.The car was in good shape.
The condition of her car when she got her car out of the shop made the woman as happy as the day she bought the car.She was not happy with the shape of the car.
The condition of her car when she got her car out of the shop made the woman as happy as the day the car broke down.She was not happy with the shape of the car.
The condition of her car when she got her car out of the shop made the woman as happy as the day the car broke down.The car was in good shape.
He was as happy as an otter in an oyster farm.He was in good spirits.
He was as happy as an otter in an oyster farm.He was in a terrible mood.
He was as happy as a chicken in a fox den.He was in a terrible mood.
He was as happy as a chicken in a fox den.He was in good spirits.
He was as big as an ox.He was very large.
He was as big as an ox.He was small.
He was as big as an mouse.He was small.
He was as big as an mouse.He was very large.
The pretzel was as salty as a fish born in brine.The pretzel was very salty.
The pretzel was as salty as a fish born in brine.The pretzel had little salt.
The pretzel was as salty as a swedish fish.The pretzel had little salt.
The pretzel was as salty as a swedish fish.The pretzel was very salty.
The spirit of the community rose like a helium balloon.The community began to become happier.
The spirit of the community rose like a helium balloon.The community was mired in depression.
The spirit of the community rose like a lead ball.The community was mired in depression.
The spirit of the community rose like a lead ball.The community began to become happier.
When the food arrived it was as hot as the sun.The food was piping hot.
When the food arrived it was as hot as the sun.The food was cold.
When the food arrived it was as hot as ice cream.The food was cold.
When the food arrived it was as hot as ice cream.The food was piping hot.
That's as useful as a penny with a hole in it.It's completely useless.
That's as useful as a penny with a hole in it.It's useful.
That's as useful as a five hundred dollar bill.It's useful.
That's as useful as a five hundred dollar bill.It's completely useless.
Waiting to see the sunrise was like watching your prom date walk up to the house.She was anticipating it happily.
Waiting to see the sunrise was like watching your prom date walk up to the house.She was beginning to be annoyed.
Waiting to see the sunrise was like realizing your prom date was an hour late.She was beginning to be annoyed.
Waiting to see the sunrise was like realizing your prom date was an hour late.She was anticipating it happily.
The stork moved like a retiree without responsibilities.The stork moved in a carefree manner.
The stork moved like a retiree without responsibilities.The stork moved like it was stressed and alert.
The stork moved like a preoccupied deliveryman.The stork moved like it was stressed and alert.
The stork moved like a preoccupied deliveryman.The stork moved in a carefree manner.
The movie has the twists and turns of of the 2016 us presidential election.The movie had a lot of twists and turns.
The movie has the twists and turns of of the 2016 us presidential election.The movie didn't have many twists.
The movie has the twists and turns of of the 1984 us presidential election.The movie didn't have many twists.
The movie has the twists and turns of of the 1984 us presidential election.The movie had a lot of twists and turns.
She took to the water like a dolphin.She loved being in the water.
She took to the water like a dolphin.She hated being in the water.
She took to the water like a housecat.She hated being in the water.
She took to the water like a housecat.She loved being in the water.
The combat news reporter has the charisma of a black dwarf star.The combat news reporter is not charismatic.
The combat news reporter has the charisma of a black dwarf star.The combat news reporter is very charismatic.
The combat news reporter has the charisma of a red giant star.The combat news reporter is very charismatic.
The combat news reporter has the charisma of a red giant star.The combat news reporter is not charismatic.
The man had the combat skills of a trained boxing kangaroo.The man had good combat skills.
The man had the combat skills of a trained boxing kangaroo.The man had no combat skills.
The man had the combat skills of a chicken still in its egg.The man had no combat skills.
The man had the combat skills of a chicken still in its egg.The man had good combat skills.
The movie is as long as the nile.The movie has a lengthy runtime.
The movie is as long as the nile.The movie is short.
The movie is as long as a ruler.The movie is short.
The movie is as long as a ruler.The movie has a lengthy runtime.
The new overpass is as convenient as a sunoco.The overpass makes driving easier.
The new overpass is as convenient as a sunoco.The overpass makes driving harder.
The new overpass is as convenient as a stoplight.The overpass makes driving harder.
The new overpass is as convenient as a stoplight.The overpass makes driving easier.
His expression was that of a dog whose owner just died.His expression was despairing and sad.
His expression was that of a dog whose owner just died.His expression was jubilant and happy.
His expression was that of a dog whose owner just returned from abroad.His expression was jubilant and happy.
His expression was that of a dog whose owner just returned from abroad.His expression was despairing and sad.
The movie is as well-done as raw meat.The movie is poorly made.
The movie is as well-done as raw meat.The movie is excellently made.
The movie is as well-done as a boiled drumstick.The movie is excellently made.
The movie is as well-done as a boiled drumstick.The movie is poorly made.
He was as sure of her love for him as he was that sure that the sun would come up tomorrow.He was absolutely confident she loved him.
He was as sure of her love for him as he was that sure that the sun would come up tomorrow.He had no idea if she loved him.
He was as sure of her love for him as he was that sure that a bee would zig left before it zagged right.He had no idea if she loved him.
He was as sure of her love for him as he was that sure that a bee would zig left before it zagged right.He was absolutely confident she loved him.
The sick patient is a walking zombie.The sick patient is terminally ill.
The sick patient is a walking zombie.The sick patient is likely to recover naturally.
The sick patient is a force of nature.The sick patient is likely to recover naturally.
The sick patient is a force of nature.The sick patient is terminally ill.
The cage had the strength of a circus strongman after a lifetime of working out.The cage is very strong.
The cage had the strength of a circus strongman after a lifetime of working out.The cage isn't strong.
The cage had the strength of a fraudulent circus "strongman" after getting drunk.The cage isn't strong.
The cage had the strength of a fraudulent circus "strongman" after getting drunk.The cage is very strong.
The movie has the depth of lake baikal.The movie is profound.
The movie has the depth of lake baikal.The movie is vapid.
The movie has the depth of a plateful of water.The movie is vapid.
The movie has the depth of a plateful of water.The movie is profound.
The carpet is as clean as mike pence's marriage.The carpet is very clean.
The carpet is as clean as mike pence's marriage.The carpet is very dirty.
The carpet is as clean as a crackheads teeth.The carpet is very dirty.
The carpet is as clean as a crackheads teeth.The carpet is very clean.
The rate of inflation was that of a snail crossing a desert.The rate of inflation was slow and low.
The rate of inflation was that of a snail crossing a desert.The rate of inflation is high and increasing at a high rate.
The rate of inflation was that of a space capsule plunging through the atmosphere.The rate of inflation is high and increasing at a high rate.
The rate of inflation was that of a space capsule plunging through the atmosphere.The rate of inflation was slow and low.
Her mind was as clear as a serene lake.Her mind was very clear.
Her mind was as clear as a serene lake.Her mind was very cloudy.
Her mind was as clear as a murky swamp.Her mind was very cloudy.
Her mind was as clear as a murky swamp.Her mind was very clear.
The bowl was as clean as a dishwasher that was just run through a bigger dishwasher.The bowl was clean.
The bowl was as clean as a dishwasher that was just run through a bigger dishwasher.The bowl was dirty.
The bowl was as clean as a pig fresh out of a mud pile.The bowl was dirty.
The bowl was as clean as a pig fresh out of a mud pile.The bowl was clean.
That fight was as hard as a war.The fight was hard.
That fight was as hard as a war.The fight was easy.
That fight was as hard as a cake walk.The fight was easy.
That fight was as hard as a cake walk.The fight was hard.
The kitchen table is as clean as a limo.The table is clean and luxurious.
The kitchen table is as clean as a limo.The table is a mess.
The kitchen table is as clean as a teenage boy's room.The table is a mess.
The kitchen table is as clean as a teenage boy's room.The table is clean and luxurious.
The enemy resistance is that of a wall of cotton candy.The enemy resistance is negligible.
The enemy resistance is that of a wall of cotton candy.The enemy resistance is strong and significant.
The enemy resistance is that of a mile high stone wall.The enemy resistance is strong and significant.
The enemy resistance is that of a mile high stone wall.The enemy resistance is negligible.
He had the energy of a nuclear power plant.He had a lot of energy.
He had the energy of a nuclear power plant.He had no energy.
He had the energy of a sloth.He had no energy.
He had the energy of a sloth.He had a lot of energy.
A video game is aerobics for your fingers.Video games require quick use of fingers.
A video game is aerobics for your fingers.Video games make no use of bodily muscles.
A video game is narcosis for your muscles.Video games make no use of bodily muscles.
A video game is narcosis for your muscles.Video games require quick use of fingers.
The statue had the price of an item bid on by jeff bezos and elon musk.The ststue was expensive.
The statue had the price of an item bid on by jeff bezos and elon musk.The statue was cheap.
The statue had the price of an item 90% off at the dollar store.The statue was cheap.
The statue had the price of an item 90% off at the dollar store.The ststue was expensive.
The enemy is as slick as an oil spill.The enemy is sneaky and smooth.
The enemy is as slick as an oil spill.The enemy is not smooth.
The enemy is as slick as a cliffside.The enemy is not smooth.
The enemy is as slick as a cliffside.The enemy is sneaky and smooth.
The big tomcat put up a fight like a weak kitten.The big tomcat put up did not fight well.
The big tomcat put up a fight like a weak kitten.The big tomcat fought well and fiercely.
The big tomcat put up a fight like a huge angry lion.The big tomcat fought well and fiercely.
The big tomcat put up a fight like a huge angry lion.The big tomcat put up did not fight well.
The pizza tasted like heaven.The pizza tasted really good.
The pizza tasted like heaven.The pizza tasted really bad.
The pizza tasted like garbage.The pizza tasted really bad.
The pizza tasted like garbage.The pizza tasted really good.
An eggshell is a home security system.Eggshells protect the developing chick.
An eggshell is a home security system.Eggshells are fragile and easily broken.
An eggshell is an easily picked lock.Eggshells are fragile and easily broken.
An eggshell is an easily picked lock.Eggshells protect the developing chick.
The fish had the smell of a cool ocean breeze.The fish smelled fresh.
The fish had the smell of a cool ocean breeze.The fish smelled rotten.
The fish had the smell of a scum filled pond filled with trash.The fish smelled rotten.
The fish had the smell of a scum filled pond filled with trash.The fish smelled fresh.
Inflation made gas as valuable as diamonds.Inflation made gas valuable.
Inflation made gas as valuable as diamonds.Inflation made gas not very valuable.
Inflation made gas as valuable as mud.Inflation made gas not very valuable.
Inflation made gas as valuable as mud.Inflation made gas valuable.
The painting is as unique as a paperclip.The painting seems common.
The painting is as unique as a paperclip.The painting is one of a kind.
The painting is as unique as a cloud.The painting is one of a kind.
The painting is as unique as a cloud.The painting seems common.
The balloon went as high as an coffee table.The balloon went did not go high.
The balloon went as high as an coffee table.The balloon went high.
The balloon went as high as mount everest.The balloon went high.
The balloon went as high as mount everest.The balloon went did not go high.
The discussion had the liveliness of a box of crickets.The discussion was interesting.
The discussion had the liveliness of a box of crickets.The discussion was boring.
The discussion had the liveliness of a box of dust.The discussion was boring.
The discussion had the liveliness of a box of dust.The discussion was interesting.
The woman had the knowledge of mythology that was equal to the minneapolis central library.The woman had extensive knowledge of mythology.
The woman had the knowledge of mythology that was equal to the minneapolis central library.The womans knowledge of mythology was limited.
The woman had the knowledge of mythology that was equal to the words on her library card.The womans knowledge of mythology was limited.
The woman had the knowledge of mythology that was equal to the words on her library card.The woman had extensive knowledge of mythology.
Her voice can peel paint.Her voice is awful.
Her voice can peel paint.Her voice is beautiful.
Her voice can reach heaven.Her voice is beautiful.
Her voice can reach heaven.Her voice is awful.
Her thoughts were tv static.Her thoughts were untamed and misunderstood.
Her thoughts were tv static.Her thoughts were clear and understood.
Her thoughts were a clear radio.Her thoughts were clear and understood.
Her thoughts were a clear radio.Her thoughts were untamed and misunderstood.
Her eyes were crystals.Her eyes were shiny.
Her eyes were crystals.Her eyes were dull.
Her eyes were pebbles.Her eyes were dull.
Her eyes were pebbles.Her eyes were shiny.
The teacher seemed as rational as a mental patient.The teacher did not seem rational.
The teacher seemed as rational as a mental patient.The teacher seemed rational.
The teacher seemed as rational as aristotle.The teacher seemed rational.
The teacher seemed as rational as aristotle.The teacher did not seem rational.
His schemes were as convoluted as a tangle of christmas lights.His schemes were involved and complex.
His schemes were as convoluted as a tangle of christmas lights.His schemes were superficial and simple.
His schemes were as convoluted as a straight section of pipe.His schemes were superficial and simple.
His schemes were as convoluted as a straight section of pipe.His schemes were involved and complex.
The excuse the man gave for missing work was as rational as turning off the stove before he left the house.The excuse was very rational.
The excuse the man gave for missing work was as rational as turning off the stove before he left the house.The excuse was irrational.
The excuse the man gave for missing work was as rational as checking his stove 20 times before he left the house.The excuse was irrational.
The excuse the man gave for missing work was as rational as checking his stove 20 times before he left the house.The excuse was very rational.
It's as easy as breathing underwater.It's almost impossible to do.
It's as easy as breathing underwater.It's extremely easy to do.
It's as easy as blinking.It's extremely easy to do.
It's as easy as blinking.It's almost impossible to do.
The professor had the brilliance of an immortal man who spent his unending life studying.The doctor was very brilliant.
The professor had the brilliance of an immortal man who spent his unending life studying.The doctor was not brilliant at all.
The professor had the brilliance of a new kind of monkey that had been bred to have low intelligence.The doctor was not brilliant at all.
The professor had the brilliance of a new kind of monkey that had been bred to have low intelligence.The doctor was very brilliant.
The tanning bed was a breath of the sun.The tanning bed was refreshing.
The tanning bed was a breath of the sun.The tanning bed was dehydrating.
The tanning bed was a gasp of the skin.The tanning bed was dehydrating.
The tanning bed was a gasp of the skin.The tanning bed was refreshing.
He has the tenacity of a shark.He is tenacious.
He has the tenacity of a shark.He is not tenacious.
He has the tenacity of a lamb.He is not tenacious.
He has the tenacity of a lamb.He is tenacious.
She felt like jumping in the air.She felt good.
She felt like jumping in the air.She felt bad.
She felt like jumping off a cliff.She felt bad.
She felt like jumping off a cliff.She felt good.
The mood in the office was a frigid evening in november.The mood was downbeat and somber.
The mood in the office was a frigid evening in november.The mood was upbeat and enjoyable.
The mood in the office was a sunny july afternoon.The mood was upbeat and enjoyable.
The mood in the office was a sunny july afternoon.The mood was downbeat and somber.
That song was as well composed as a zen garden.The song was put together well, it sounded nice.
That song was as well composed as a zen garden.The song was not well composed well at all, it sounded terrible.
That song was as well composed as paper shredder.The song was not well composed well at all, it sounded terrible.
That song was as well composed as paper shredder.The song was put together well, it sounded nice.
The center of the steak had the color of a freshly picked strawberry.The center of the steak was pink.
The center of the steak had the color of a freshly picked strawberry.The center of the streak was black.
The center of the steak had the color of a freshly dug coal.The center of the streak was black.
The center of the steak had the color of a freshly dug coal.The center of the steak was pink.
The sound of violins escaped his mouth.His voice was soft and soothing.
The sound of violins escaped his mouth.His voice was disturbing to listen to.
The sound of nails on chalkboard escaped his mouth.His voice was disturbing to listen to.
The sound of nails on chalkboard escaped his mouth.His voice was soft and soothing.