The wind screamed in his face while he was riding the bike. Meaning: The wind is compared with a scream to emphasize on how furiously it blew.
Go for a walk or you’ll become a couch potato. Meaning: Here, the person is told that he/she will turn fat and bulgy like a potato if they avoid exercising.
Her heart of stone was the result of the previous unfortunate events in her life. Meaning: In this sentence, the heart is symbolised by a stone, emphasizing on the lack of empathy she developed.
Her mom warned her about the monsters in the world. Meaning: The denotation of the bad, wicked people is made by monsters.
He was a diamond among the sea of glass. Meaning: The man (diamond) is said to be unique like a diamond among other ordinary men (sea of glass).
You’re sitting on a winning lottery. Meaning: The term winning lottery is used to emphasize on a golden opportunity.
She started with a new chapter by choosing him. Meaning: A major new phase in the girl’s life is denoted by a new chapter which is void of the unnecessary past associations.
He was a cheetah in the race. Meaning: The runner’s speed is being attributed to the speed of a cheetah.
You’ll be left in the dust. Meaning: Here leaving one in the dust, implies being left far behind. 
The professor was a guiding light for him. Meaning: The professor is compared with light, so as to help him pave his way easily.
The curtains of life fell. Meaning: The phrase ‘curtains of life’ are compared to that of a show which has fallen denoting that the person’s life is over.
Life is a maze. Meaning: Life is being said to have its own navigation as you move ahead with surprises at every turn.
There’s a rat among us. Meaning: Rats are said to be sneaky animals and are associated with betrayal.
Her heart sank on hearing the terrible news. Meaning: The sinking of the heart is termed to emphasise on deep sorrow.
Laughter is the best medicine. Meaning: Laughter is compared with medicine so as to help you heal or recover from an event.
India’s culture is a salad bowl. Meaning: Salad bowl is a common cultural idea to reflect India’s multiple cultures, yet having their own individual identities.
His heart was made of gold. Meaning: Here, gold is used to indicate abundance and generosity.
She was drowning in grief. Meaning: Drowning is used to emphasize the amount of sorrow or problems in a person’s life.
The mind is an ocean. Meaning: The mind is attributed to its endless capacity and also to characterize calmness.
Her heart melts when she sees him. Meaning: The melting of the heart means to be sympathetic and compassionate.
Your words cut deeper than a knife. Meaning: The phrase is used to emphasize the intensity of a certain hurtful speech.
You’re a firework. Meaning: The word firework is used to characterize ample potential and to make the best out of your talents.
She’s a walking dictionary. Meaning: Walking dictionary implies knowledge or facts known to the person.
She’s the man of the house. Meaning: The word ‘man’ is used to draw a parallel with being the responsible person or the bread earner of the house.
His fear became his prison. Meaning: Prison here is used to denote the walls created by the person due to their fears.
The news of the accident was a dagger in her heart. Meaning: The word dagger is used to emphasise the depth of the agony suffered.
The world is your oyster. Meaning: The world is said to hold endless opportunities for you to explore and find your pearl.
She was an angel in disguise. Meaning: The word angel is used to draw a parallel with the altruistic nature of the person.
He has got the eye of the tiger. Meaning: The eye of the tiger reflects the intensity of focus and strength of a person.
She was born with a silver spoon in her mouth. Meaning: The term silver spoon is used to highlight privilege.
His anger was a wildfire waiting to ignite. Meaning: The wildfire is used to denote the characteristic of extreme enrage.
He’s the diamond in the rough. Meaning: The above sentence shows that the boy is unpolished but has potential and talent.
The stormy ocean was a raging bull. Meaning: The ocean is being compared to a raging bull which highlights danger.
Teachers mould their students for their future. Meaning:  The word Mould is used to draw a parallel with development and growth of the student.
His lawyer is a shark. Meaning: The lawyer being compared to a shark means the implication of vicious or ruthless behaviour.
He thinks that the world revolves around him. Meaning: Here, the ‘world revolving around someone’ is used to describe a self-centred person or behaviour.
The mind is a computer. Meaning: The mechanisms of the computer are compared to the brain.
Sarojini Naidu is the nightingale of India. Meaning: The attribution of poetry and a melodious voice is associated with the nightingale and hence, the comparison.
A friend is a treasure. Meaning: The friend is given the attributes of a treasure being precious and hard to find.
Love is a rose. Meaning: Rose is used to characterize both- beauty and hardships (Petals and thorns).
Her smile lights up my world. Meaning: To light up one’s world means to seek pleasure and happiness from the act and to illuminate their mood.
She’s an early bird. Meaning: Early bird indicates to wake up early or arrive early to an event/place.
His anger bottled up inside. Meaning: Anger is shown to be repressed inside.
Life is no bed of roses. Meaning: This sentence describes the nature of life being filled with hardships and sacrifice.
I’ll make sure she pays for her doings. Meaning: Here, paying for something means to fix or pay redemption.
I’m the master of my sea. Meaning: The sentence emphasizes the fact that the person is the master of his own world and his own fate.
See the world from a different lens. Meaning: Different lens indicates a different perspective.
The classroom was a zoo. Meaning: The comparison of a classroom with a zoo is used to imply that the students were misbehaving in class.
Life isn’t black and white. Meaning: The term ‘black and white’ is used to highlight the ambiguous nature of life.
Her soul is black. Meaning: The soul being called black or dark describes the insensitive nature of a person.
He carries the weight of the world on his shoulders. Meaning: A huge amount of trouble is emphasized by the weight of the world.
The police officer was digging up details about the suspects. Meaning: The constant search about the suspects is shown by the word ‘digging’
His irresponsible behaviour made his health turn south. Meaning: Here, ‘turn south’ means that his behaviour worsened. 
She wears different hats to earn a livelihood. Meaning: Wearing different hats means doing different jobs to earn a living.
The complex case landed the detectives barking up the wrong tree. Meaning: Barking up the wrong tree is used to indicate that the detectives ended up at the wrong conclusion.
The good news about the profit made lifted his spirits. Meaning: Here, lift someone’s spirits means to make someone feel carefree.
Taxes are a minefield for people who are careless. Meaning: Here, ‘minefield’ is used to denote the presence of dangerous consequences and problems the person is in.
She soon realized that she had been taken for a ride. Meaning: Taken for a ride means that she had been tricked.
She followed her instincts and changed tack. Meaning: Here, changed tack means try a different way/method.
Her new job helped her wipe the slate clean. Meaning: Here, wipe the slate clean means to start something in a fresh manner and forget the past mistakes.